strang,  range
brake,  break 
brack,  break
weanter,  winter
gost,  ghost 
expect,  except
steped,  stepped  
streagh,  strange  
colow,  coloured  
exclation,  escalator
noicey,  noticed 
fance,  fence 
kille,  kill  
nerrow,  arrow  
depe,  deep  
gardon,  garden  
belu,  blew  
angray,  angry  
leavs,  leaves 
manger,  manager 
aero,  arrow  
ansion,  ancient 
dear,  deer 
flu,  flew 
noice,  noise
stright,  straight
menes,  means 
waight,  waits
arow,  arrow 
dick,  dig 
pice,  piece
tarpp,  trap 
nose,  noise
skeard,  scared 
ribbetes,  rabbits
stons,  stones 
chaching,  chasing
handred,  hundred 
coulorful,  colourful
crowns,  clowns 
easly,  easily  
comming,  coming  
wondered,  wandered 
controle,  control 
chating,  chatting 
wardrope,  wardrobe 
temerature,  temperature 
neibours,  neighbours
prinsess,  princess 
arrengiments,  arrangements
hamer,  hammer  
mite,  might 
deferent,  different 
cloves,  clothes 
sharpner,  sharpener
chinease,  chinese
bottal,  bottle 
here,  hear
of,  off 
thisty,  thirsty
march,  match 
sarden,  sudden 
certon,  curtain 
babbles,  bubbles
barth,  bath  
clouths,  clothes 
skeard,  scared 
throw,  through
exsiting,  exciting
crames,  crumbs  
carful,  careful
gost,  ghost
mak,  make
candel,  candle
laddy,  lady 
bard,  bad
thander,  thunder 
sargent,  sergeant
nose,  noise 
rube,  rub  
cruch,  crush 
triped,  tripped 
tuisse,  tissue 
want,  what 
writting,  writing 
straigt,  straight
througt,  thought
whated,  wanted 
bounsing,  bouncing 
fruts,  fruits 
noteics,  notice 
charcing,  charging 
stroe,  stall 
girrife,  giraffe 
circodile,  crocodile
iorn,  iron 
kives,  knives
chimmys,  chimneys
blackbroad,  blackboard
golb,  globe 
cupbroad,  cupboard 
swith,  switch
thinest,  thinnest
fatest,  fattest
feild,  field
cerry,  cherry
being,  beginning
nodles,  noodles
whith,  with
belive,  believe 
belive,  believe
knowledg,  knowledge
speach,  speech
coulor,  colour 
beark,  break
feind,  find 
cuple,  couple
dustpin,  dustbin
emptyed,  emptied
repared,  repaired
emtied,  emptied 
where,  were
belive,  believes
fameous,  famous 
centery,  century
tired,  tried 
petroil,  petrol 
tryed,  tried 
extrange,  strange
tryed,  tried 
hited,  hit 
forgoten,  forgotten
setted,  set  
shooted,  shot 
prision,  prison 
craying,  crying 
las,  last
weigh,  weight 
happend,  happened  
safed,  saved 
becom,  become
happend,  happened 
hollidays,  holidays
photographes,  photographs
wich,  which
wolfe,  wolf
discoverd,  discovered
photographe,  photograph
unborne,  unborn
misterious,  mysterious 
chosing,  choosing
rapresents,  represents
ridicolous,  ridiculous 
scientificly,  scientifically 
advertisments,  advertisements
immagination,  imagination
bann,  ban 
happyness,  happiness 
pleasent,  pleasant 
dialing,  dialling 
actualy,  actually
tireing,  tiring
pocker,  poker 
existance,  existence
phisical,  physical
doupt,  doubt
analize,  analyse
devlopping,  developing
personnaly,  personally 
breath,  breathe 
perfums,  perfumes 
interprete,  interpret
stomache,  stomach 
paralised,  paralysed
belief,  believe 
occured,  occurred
wether,  whether
extremly,  extremely
chose,  choose
oppinion,  opinion
wat,  what 
contenue,  continue 
quiet,  quite
thout,  thought
heart,  heard 
obvisicly,  obviously 
prays,  praise  
screeming,  screaming
absorbe,  absorb 
starring,  staring
caffe,  cafe
showen,  shown 
companys,  companies 
their,  there
tendancy,  tendency 
snak-bar,  snack-bar 
controll,  control 
condact,  contact
visit, visited
magnefision, magnificent
aposit, opposite
galleroy, gallery
spenlid, splendid
purpal, purple
cartin, curtains
wrot, wrote
politray, poetry
understan, understand
latec, latest
poven, poems
stranch, strange
pernated, pretend
realy, really
sapshal, special
repeparan, refreshment
juce, juice
bicketes, biscuits
stomak, stomach
conteted, contented
shore, sure
beatyful, beautiful
khole, whole
clime, climb
bilt, built
minner, minor
savthm, southern
spashel, special
seasice, scissors
seaksily, scarcely
byesicle, bicycle
inneshe, initials
reaseat, receipt
wasit, waist
remined, remind
rain, reign
inkevanins, inconvenient
singnher, signature
sacsesfull, successful
granty, guarantee
babyes, babies
thier, their
dinging, digging
stake, steak
verest, various
incloden, including
phototes, potatoes
edmittet, admitted
recevid, received
bounes, bonus
sellybrat, celebrate
stil, still
dang, dug
gardon, garden
progres, progress
noticsport, noticeable
offten, often
anty, aunt
magneficent, magnificent
oppict, opposite
galary, gallery
remmeber, remember
spilend, splendid
pupel, purple
carttens, curtains
wortte, wrote
poletry, poetry
prbolom, problem
undester, understand
pomes, poems
stareng, strange
want'd, wanted
pottend, pretend
relly, really
spical, special
revesment, refreshment
buscates, biscuits
stimic, stomach
condented, contented
wholl, whole
clumb, climb
billet, built
miner, minor
southen, southern
offull, awful
spical, special
siscals, scissors
scacally, scarcely
bicals, bicycle
inials, initials
recet, receipt
coarte, court
west, waist
reminde, remind
reine, reign
incovenent, inconvenient
sigether, signature
sccsfull, successful
greanty, guarantee
babyes, babies
yestarday, yesterday
diking, digging
stake, steak
varies, various
vagetabels, vegetables
incouling, including
potiotes, potatoes
atmided, admitted
resived, received
bonies, bonus
selberate, celebrate
duck, dug
facet, fact
porgress, progress
notsabil, noticeable
magnifum, magnificent
oppsite, opposite
galeey, gallery
remebre, remember
splindid, splendid
purpil, purple
cartaines, curtains
poiltry, poetry
under_stand, understand
wards, words
pratande, pretend
real, really
spical, special
refreshion, refreshment
lift, left
stumk, stomach
contanted, contented
grate, great
shoure, sure
beautyfull, beautiful
clime, climb
builet, built
mina, minor
sadan, southern
spical, special
saizer, scissors
sicasely, scarcely
bycycle, bicycle
nisal, initials
reseat, receipt
corret, court
waiste, waist
reminde, remind
wraine, reign
succaful, successful
gurantte, guarantee
babys, babies
there, their
baries, various
inculding, including
dinning, dining
add_metted, admitted
bounes, bonus
salevate, celebrate
prograss, progress
notice_board, noticeable
magnifisant, magnificent
oppersit, opposite
galary, gallery
splended, splendid
poiatary, poetry
lastest, latest
poim, poems
strainged, strange
pretented, pretend
realy, really
jues, juice
bescuts, biscuits
stomak, stomach
contanted, contented
miner, minor
sauthan, southern
aufull, awful
cises, scissors
skisaly, scarcely
enesiles, initials
cort, court
wiest, waist
reain, reign
cuzarantee, guarantee
yersterday, yesterday
stake, steak
verious, various
inclouding, including
potates, potatoes
attmited, admitted
bones, bonus
progerous, progress
noticible, noticeable
galery, gallery
shure, sure
inconveineant, inconvenient
gurantee, guarantee
magnificient, magnificent
galary, gallery
stranged, strange
gurantee, guarantee
stake, steak
dugged, dug
oposit, opposite
gallory, gallery
poetery, poetry
biscuts, biscuits
stamach, stomach
shure, sure
beatiful, beautiful
bilut, built
miner, minor
sathon, southern
ouful, awful
scarcily, scarcely
inushiols, initials
recipt, receipt
caurt, court
rayin, reign
inconveniant, inconvenient
saccessful, successful
garanty, guarantee
cocking, cooking
stalk, steak
vegestables, vegetables
addmited, admitted
recived, received
celibrate, celebrate
noticeble, noticeable
purpel, purple
biquits, biscuits
veries, various
paper, purple
refreshements, refreshments
juce, juice
noticable, noticeable
stomache, stomach
magnificient, magnificent
purpole, purple
juce, juice
varies, various
magnificant, magnificent
juise, juice
stommac, stomach
magnificend, magnificent
oposide, opposite
galary, gallery
splended, splendid
purble, purple
jous, juice
biscuids, biscuits
contended, contented
dinning, dining
recieved, received
babys, babies
dinning, dining
noticable, noticeable
splendude, splendid
poetrie, poetry
pretent, pretend
juce, juice
bisuts, biscuits
stomac, stomach
diging, digging
potateos, potatoes
diening, dining
magnificient, magnificent
spendide, splendid
purpose, purple
noticable, noticeable
purpore, purple
cortains, curtains
pritend, pretend
dinning, dining
admited, admitted
noticable, noticeable
stomache, stomach
noticable, noticeable
poetery, poetry
noticable, noticeable
galery, gallery
noticable, noticeable
magnific, magnificent
galerie, gallery
purpil, purple
cartoons, curtains
poeterie, poetry
stomec, stomach
dinning, dining
noticable, noticeable
wemen, women
hall, whole
miner, minor
subben, southern
ssissors, scissors
sgulli, scarcely
enecial, initials
reciept, receipt
co-at, court
west, waist
rain, reign
inconvenite, inconvenient
garanty, guarantee
beatiful, beautiful
miner, minor
siccors, scissors
innicial, initials
rain, reign
inconvenciont, inconvenient
guarnty, guarantee
sissors, scissors
scarthly, scarcely
inicial, initials
reciet, receipt
remaind, remind
rain, reign
guarrantee, guarantee
grate, great
old, whole
clime, climb
bilt, built
miner, minor
southen, southern
cisers, scissors
sgusli, scarcely
bicicel, bicycle
recivd, receipt
rain, reign
inconvinient, inconvenient
signiter, signature
garantie, guarantee
womon, women
miner, minor
grussly, scarcely
innitial, initials
inconvinient, inconvenient
garatee, guarantee
unswer, answer
climbe, climb
becouse, because
scisser, scissors
scearsly, scarcely
bycicle, bicycle
initiaels, initials
receit, receipt
veist, waist
regn, reign
inconvinient, inconvenient
garantie, guarantee
weman, women
climbe, climb
becaurse, because
initiales, initials
receit, receipt
waiste, waist
inconviniant, inconvenient
garantie, guarantee
mainer, minor
auful, awful
bycicle, bicycle
iniziales, initials
cout, court
weist, waist
inconvinient, inconvenient
garantie, guarantee
southen, southern
owful, awful
cizeres, scissors
scearcery, scarcely
inicials, initials
riceet, receipt
waighst, waist
remaind, remind
lain, reign
sccesful, successful
garantee, guarantee
magnificient, magnificent
worte, wrote
peotry, poetry
understanded, understand
strang, strange
especial, special
buscuit, biscuits
contened, contented
peotetoes, potatoes
dinning, dining
recieved, received
comming, coming
unt, aunt
magnificant, magnificent
oposite, opposite
garly, gallery
purpul, purple
powertary, poetry
understanded, understand
bicekets, biscuits
contended, contented
verious, various
dinning, dining
admited, admitted
recieved, received
vonus, bonus
celebulate, celebrate
dag, dug
noticible, noticeable
magnicisant, magnificent
oppsit, opposite
garary, gallery
sprended, splendid
catain, curtains
poemtly, poetry
problum, problem
pritened, pretend
refreciment, refreshment
biskets, biscuits
stomuck, stomach
verious, various
vegitables, vegetables
potetoes, potatoes
addmited, admitted
recived, received
bornas, bonus
serevelate, celebrate
dog, dug
arnt, aunt
lifed, lived
oposite, opposite
remembre, remember
splended, splendid
nowbody, nobody
jus, juice
stomache, stomach
life, live
baby's, babies
becaurse, because
have, half
dinning, dining
ant, aunt
courteins, curtains
blu, blue
babyes, babies
pond, pound
receved, received
celebate, celebrate
ant, aunt
magnificient, magnificent
galary, gallery
splendide, splendid
purper, purple
poretry, poetry
juse, juice
cocking, cooking
offer, half_a
stake, steak
varous, various
vegtebels, vegetables
frid, fried
admited, admitted
noticebel, noticeable
ount, aunt
oposite, opposite
splended, splendid
pouetry, poetry
lateyst, latest
points, poems
straings, strange
refreshmend, refreshment
buscuits, biscuits
diging, digging
becouse, because
vegatables, vegetables
inclueding, including
fruit, fried
pothetous, potatoes
dinnig, dining
admited, admitted
bounes, bonus
progrese, progress
suns, sons
forewerd, forward
ant, aunt
stasion, station
varies, various
magnifinct, magnificent
galery, gallery
splened, splendid
protery, poetry
pouims, poems
stranger, strange
lough, laugh
realy, really
juis, juice
varios, various
dicking, digging
addimitt, admitted
recievd, received
celibarate, celebrate
hes, his
prepearing,  preparing
goverment,  government
diplomatic,  diplomat
arrived,  arrive
settled,  settle
comming,  coming
rithm,  rhythm
bolss,  waltz
drank,  drink
quickle,  quickly 
jouvenile,  juvenile
compeared,  compare
beatiful,  beautiful
togegether,  together
smelly,  smelling
and,  an
envolving,  involving
beggining,  beginning
ilness,  illness
epidemia,  epidemic
hig,  high
dieing,  dying
decsese,  disease
confussion,  confusion
quick,  quickly
carefuly,  carefully
takeing,  taking
acount,  account
aproach,  approach
exposition,  exhibition
disconected,  disconnected
though,  thought
heefty,  hefty
adress,  address
anual,  annual
explanations,  explanation
sincerly,  sincerely
cluching,  clutching
mentaly,  mentally
loudspeakers,  loud-speakers
ballons,  balloons
girle,  girl
brethless,  breathless
siluhete,  silhouette
a,  at
whent,  went
let,  let's
finaly,  finally
exausted,  exhausted
heavely,  heavily
fell,  feel
grabed,  grabbed 
jumed,  jumped
publiclly,  publicly
excelent,  excellent
wich,  which
symthoms,  symptoms
contageous,  contagious
whater,  water
begining,  beginning
nobady,  nobody
happenin,  happening
sou,  so
occures,  occurs
innecessary,  unnecessary
aroused,  arose
welcomed,  welcome
mayer,  mayor
renion,  reunion 
epidemy,  epidemic
inquiry, inquire
inconveniencies,  inconvenience
bycicle,  bicycle
attened,  attend
damadged,  damaged
their,  there
belive,  believe
stollen,  stolen 
were,  where
there, their
deliceaus,  delicious
persent,  percentage
citizen,  citizens
has,  have
informe,  inform
poluted,  polluted
want,  wants
preventions,  prevention
problems,  problem
answered,  answer
sended,  sent
hollidays,  holidays
familly,  family
youngest,  younger
an,  and
wanted,  want
hatred,  hated
had,  have
radios,  radio
sympthoms,  symptoms
affraid,  afraid
measurment,  measurement
this,  these 
measurments,  measurements
poralised,  paralysed
asked,  ask
earl,  early
comb,  combed
breath,  breathed
calm,  calmed
through,  threw
appologized,  apologized 
simptoms,  symptoms
atribute,  attribute
conditions,  condition
pannic,  panic
cielings,  ceilings
being,  been
depressive,  depressing
sincerly,  sincerely
lazely,  lazily
triped,  tripped
huredly,  hurriedly
fool,  full
toasts,  toast
stoped,  stopped
acused,  accused
coping,  copying
naught,  nought
severly,  severely
apset,  upset
leve,  leave
couvered,  covered
forgot,  forgotten
neiboughs,  neighbours
ran,  rang
accuratley,  accurately
expiriences,  experiences
sincearly,  sincerely
non_written, unwritten
adolescence,  adolescents
possitive,  positive
desesperate,  desperate
fells, falls
loosing,  losing
this,  these
flabbergusted,  flabbergasted
destruct,  destroy
prevention,  preventative
corse,  curse
suttle,  subtle
turqoise,  turquoise
diminute,  diminutive
center,  centre
suprise,  surprise
surveilance,  surveillance
revicing,  revising
knowleage,  knowledge
luxurius,  luxurious
syntethic,  synthetic
meters,  metres
entretainments,  entertainments
an,  a
hippoppotammus,  hippopotamus 
suppossed,  supposed
loose,  lose
any_way  anyway
relative  relativelyI
injures,  injuries
masochist,  masochistic
misfits,  misfortunes
comparing,  compared
trottle,  throttle
bursting,  busting 
ungentleman,  ungentelmanly
quolity,  quality
allowed,  allow
signaled,  signalled
writting,  writing
advise,  advice 
proceedure,  procedure
this,  these
shopkeeper,  shopkeepers
suplier,  supplier
sincerelly,  sincerely
threw,  through
defficience,  deficiency
specially,  especially
off,  of
the,  they
earthyless, unearthly
realy,  really
knight,  night
ilness,  illness
simptoms,  symptoms
whotch,  watch
enything,  anything
lied,  layed 
outcoming,  approaching
precarian,  precarious
pinturesque,  picturesque
suprise,  surprise
unwelcomed,  unwelcome
citizen,  citizens
som,  some
constructions,  contruction
beggining,  beginning
require,  required
have,  had
my,  me 
bussiness,  business
hiting,  hitting
aboundant,  abundant
is,  are
dont,  don't
varies,  vary
knoledge  knowledge 
cyvilisation,  civilization
hidrolic,  hydrolic
Scotish,  Scottish
variouse,  various
unfunded,  unfounded
assition,  assertion
tyme,  time
canceled,  cancelled
simptoms,  symptoms
epatitis,  hepatitis
uncleaned,  unclean
arange,  arrange
disafortunated  unfortunate
everithing,  everything
fantastical,  fantastic
desesparate,  desperate
chose,  chosen
cocounut,  coconut
type,  types
tipical,  typical
transpearent,  transparent
swiming,  swimming
to,  too
sceneries,  scenery
meters,  metres
invits,  invites
stayed,  stay
dieing,  dying
apriciate,  appreciate
broard,  broad
intension,  intention
attencion,  attention
sincerly,  sincerely
independant,  independent
multicolour,  multicoloured
bath,  bathe
dissapointing,  disappointing
visiters,  visitors
responsable,  responsible
representant, representative
quiver,  quivering
frighten,  fright
is,  are
unkown,  unknown 
epoches,  epochs
labourious,  laborious
custumes,  customs
beleivings,  beliefs
neighbour,  neighbours'
mistly,  mysterious
feared,  afraid
imerged,  emerged
umblemished,  unblemished
unwelcomed,  unwelcome
ninghty,  ninety
twinkled,  twinkling
writting,  writing
overtake,  overcome
tragical,  tragic
inconvenient,  inconvenience
families,  family
governs,  govern
futur,  future
conduces,  conducts
for,  from
standards,  standard
evolutioned,  evolved
the,  their
works,  work
completly,  completely
will,  would
doubtfull,  doubtful
save,  safe
were,  where
were,  where 
hole,  whole
fotographs,  photographs
sensation,  impression
nicelly,  nicely
glas,  glass 
excepted,  accepted
laughter,  laughted 
couse,  course
parent,  parents
widelly,  widely
afections,  affections
maner,  manner
experiensed,  experienced
this,  these
send,  sent
vaccins,  vaccines
consecuence,  consequence
greatful,  grateful
attracting,  attractive
kind,  kinds
word,  world
as,  like
colour,  coloured
effort,  efforts
worser,  worse
Friday  Friday
spoke,  speak
pareants,  parents
divorce,  divorced
sicologist,  psychologist
can,  could
on,  about
did,  had
continue,  continued
riding,  reading
discover,  discovered
understand,  understood
think,  thought
realised,  realise
knew,  know
screem,  scream
runned,  ran
enter,  entered
die,  died
childrens  children
rang,  ring
lean,  leant
abilty,  ability
abraod,  abroad
acedemic,  academic
accesion,  accession
accomodate,  accommodate
acordance,  accordance
accruately,  accurately
acieved,  achieved
accheived,  achieved
additonal,  additional
adjacnt,  adjacent
admiistered,  administered
amibuity,  ambiguity
ambulence,  ambulance
anlaysis,  analysis
aand,  and
aswering,  answering
apolgies,  apologies
apparant,  apparent
apperently,  apparently
appraoch,  approach
appropriat,  appropriate
appropiate,  appropriate
apprpriate,  appropriate
approximatly,  approximately
arguements,  arguments
acsertained,  ascertained
assigmments,  assignments
assistence,  assistance
assiciated,  associated
assocaited,  associated
asociation,  association
asyncronously,  asynchonously
atending,  attending
autumatic,  automatic
avaiable,  available
aviable,  available
avilable,  available
awaitin,  awaiting
baiscally,  basically
bacome,  become
bloked,  blocked
borrowr,  borrower
braching,  branching
broard,  broad
bradcast,  broadcast
bradcasting,  broadcasting
bulletings,  bulletins
calulated,  calculated
camara,  camera
canditate,  candidate
capabiltes,  capabilities
cataloge,  catalogue
catakoguing,  cataloguing
catalguing,  cataloguing
cataloguin,  cataloguing
cntral,  central
challange,  challenge
chnaging,  changing
characterissing,  characterising
chacked,  checked
cisting,  citing
cleint,  client
coeffcient,  coefficient
coeficient,  coefficient
cofficient,  coefficient
cogntive,  cognitive
collecyting,  collecting
cpmmercially,  commercially
commitee,  committee
comon,  common
commenest,  commonest
communcation,  communication
comporable,  comparable
comparitive,  comparative
compariosns,  comparisons
complting,  completing
complementary,  complimentary
concetrate,  concentrate
connecton,  connection
connectivies,  connectives
conservatie,  conservative
contining,  containing
contins,  contains
conitent,  content
controll,  control
convential,  conventional
converzely,  conversely
coversion,  conversion
cooperqtion,  cooperation
cordonning,  cordoning
corresond,  correspond
correspondance,  correspondence
councelling,  counselling
critisised,  criticised
critisisms,  criticisms
decid,  decide
decresing,  decreasing
deficite,  deficit
definate,  definite
definately,  definitely
degredation,  degradation
deliberatly,  deliberately
dependant,  dependent
descrived,  described
desireble,  desirable
dispatched,  despatched
desparate,  desperate
detaile,  detail
detailled,  detailed
detrmines,  determines
deveoop,  develop
diagramatically,  diagrammatically
differnt,  different
disapointment,  disappointment
distibution,  distribution
doculents,  documents
odne,  done
donstream,  downstream
eaxh,  each
eassier,  easier
effeiciency,  efficiency
efficienct,  efficient
elimiation,  elimination
eleimination,  elimination
eminating,  emanating
enrergy,  energy
netry,  entry
enviroment,  environment
invironment,  environment
equilisation,  equalisation
examiniation,  examination
exmple,  example
excede,  exceed
exemplyfied,  exemplified
exta,  extra
facillated,  facilitated
facilites,  facilities
faciliities,  facilities
fairlu,  fairly
faiyhfully,  faithfully
fassion,  fashion
feld,  field
irst,  first
firtly,  firstly
fisrtly,  firstly
felxibility,  flexibility
foreseeable,  forseeable
frquently,  frequently
funcional,  functional
futher,  further
genral,  general
glacnce,  glance
govermental,  governmental
gretaer,  greater
hanbook,  handbook
hieghtened,  heightened
heuritics,  heuristics
heirarchy,  hierarchy
homr,  home
hoenst,  honest
howver,  however
howevever,  however
ilustrate,  illustrate
illustartion,  illustration
immediatly,  immediately
impotant,  important
importnat,  important
impossibilty,  impossibility
impractible,  impracticable
innapropriate,  inappropriate
increasinly,  increasingly
increented,  incremented
independance,  independence
independant,  independent
individula,  individual
indiviual,  individual
indidual,  individual 
undividually,  individually
innefficient,  inefficient
ineviatbly,  inevitably
infromation,  information
onformation,  information
instal,  install
niternational,  international
internationlly,  internationally
intercine,  internecine
interprte,  interpret
interrpted,  interrupted
interuption,  interruption
infroduction,  introduction
invlving,  involving
tiem,  item
juridiction,  jurisdiction
kernal,  kernel
lagre,  large
mlarge,  large
lenght,  length
liase,  liaise
libraies,  libraries
ight,  light
likelyhood,  likelihood
likly,  likely
lits,  list
listsings,  listings
lsits,  lists
laoned,  loaned
logarihm,  logarithm
mianly,  mainly
mainenance,  maintenance
managable,  manageable
maniputaltation,  manipulation
amnner,  manner
maenas,  means
egabytes,  megabytes
modiefied,  modified
moleclar,  molecular
molcular,  molecular
nost,  most
omve,  move
needd,  need
nedded,  needed
negitively,  negatively
netowrks,  networks
noticieable,  noticeable
numbeer,  number
obselete,  obsolete
obvios,  obvious
obviosly,  obviously
occassional,  occasional
ofice,  office
ommissions,  omissions
onlt,  only
poerator,  operator
apposed,  opposed
oredr,  order
organisatios,  organisations
ouput,  output
overal,  overall
overcomming,  overcoming
overfil,  overfill
overhaed,  overhead
ovygex,  oxygen
particualar,  particular
particlar,  particular
periferal,  peripheral
permantly,  permanently
phlology,  philology
pinic,  picnic
peices,  pieces
positve,  positive
possibilty,  possibility
posible,  possible
potentialy,  potentially
practiaal,  practical
practictioner,  practitioner
predominently,  predominantly
preuming,  presuming
previos,  previous
prioities,  priorities
prsioners,  prisoners
probabally,  probably
probanly,  probably
pronlem,  problem
proceedure,  procedure
proceure,  procedure
prcessing,  processing
procesing,  processing
procesor,  processor
produts,  products
pronouncments,  pronouncements
proportionallity,  proportionality
prooved,  proved
provid,  provide
quailty,  quality
quesionnaire,  questionnaire
radiaclly,  radically
radiuss,  radius
rankd,  ranked
reactioos,  reactions
reactioons,  reactions
reasinably,  reasonably
reciever,  receiver
redecoraton,  redecoration
refernce,  reference
rference,  reference
refernces,  references
referrred,  referred
refferred,  referred
regsirties,  registries
reltionship,  relationship
relable,  reliable
renoved,  removed
repititious,  repetitious
reoprts,  reports
represntatives,  representatives
rsembling,  resembling
recources,  resources
rescources,  resources
resing,  resting
restictive,  restrictive
retentiaon,  retention
retecent,  reticent
revenu,  revenue
siad,  said
satsfactory,  satisfactory
satifies,  satisfies
scaned,  scanned
srambled,  scrambled
seaarch,  search
searchde,  searched
salected,  selected
seleactive,  selective
sepaphore,  semaphore
seperate,  separate
seprate,  separate
seperating,  separating
simialirt,  similarity
similariy,  similarity
similarily,  similarly
simlest,  simplest
sixze,  size
sizable,  sizeable
slighlty,  slightly
sciety,  society
sofware,  software
aource,  source
spaekers,  speakers
sprlling,  spelling
stnadard,  standard
strater,  starter
stetemets,  statements
ststion,  station
stratigically,  strategically
stongly,  strongly
structrue,  structure
strcture,  structure
structurs,  structures
suscribers,  subscribers
substantal,  substantial
subsructures,  substructures
succede,  succeed
successor,  succesor
uggested,  suggested
sorround,  surround
synshronise,  synchronise
tuaght,  taught
tequniques,  techniques
termial,  terminal
thrir,  their
thre,  there
thwre,  there
therfore,  therefore
thses,  theses
thrity,  thirty
thhis,  this
thousnand,  thousand
threee,  three
tittles,  titles
tollerance,  tolerance
traditonal,  traditional
trafic,  traffic
transfered,  transferred
ransmission,  transmission
unconviced,  unconvinced
uncritiacl,  uncritical
universit,  university
unecessary,  unnecessary
innecessary,  unnecessary
unscamble,  unscramble
usefullness,  usefulness
usueal,  usual
vqried,  varied
vectore,  vector
versility,  versatility 
waitng,  waiting   
wether,  whether     
wgich,  which   
whihc,  which   
whic,  which     
wiil,  will      
wondrful,  wonderful     
worht,  worth       
wouls,  would      
abbatoir,  abattoir   
abhorence,  abhorrence    
absense,  absence    
absorbant,  absorbent      
absorbtion,  absorption     
acceed,  accede      
acellerate,  accelerate   
accesible,  accessible      
accidently,  accidentally    
accomodate,  accommodate    
accomodation,  accommodation 
accomodations,  accommodations   
accompanimen,  accompaniment  
accompaning,  accompanying    
acomplice,  accomplice  
accrude,  accrued    
acrued,  accrued       
acumulated,  accumulated    
acustom,  accustom     
acheivement,  achievement    
acknowledgement,  acknowledgment  
acquantance,  acquaintance   
aquiese,  acquiesce       
acquiesence,  acquiescence    
aquire,  acquire      
actualy,  actually       
adaptibility,  adaptability   
additon,  addition      
adress,  address       
adaquately,  adequately     
ajacent,  adjacent       
adjorned,  adjourned      
adminstration,  administration  
admissable,  admissible     
admiting,  admitting    
advantagous,  advantageous    
advise,  advice       
afidavit,  affidavit     
agravated,  aggravated     
agast,  aghast        
agreable,  agreeable     
alloted,  allotted     
allso,  also       
alumni,  alumnae     
alumnae,  alumni        
amatuer,  amateur      
aimeable,  amiable    
aimiable,  amiable      
amonia,  ammonia      
analagous,  analogous    
anaylsis,  analysis      
analize,  analyze       
angell,  angel        
aniversary,  anniversary    
anniversery,  anniversary   
anouncement,  announcement    
annoiance,  annoyance    
anoyance,  annoyance     
anwser,  answer        
antartic,  antarctic     
anye,  any        
anythin,  anything       
appolo,  apollo       
appology,  apology       
aparent,  apparent     
appearence,  appearance     
appearin,  appearing     
appitite,  appetite       
appatites,  appetites       
appropiate,  appropriate     
apropriate,  appropriate     
apropriation,  appropriation   
approxomate,  approximate   
aproximate,  approximate     
approximatly,  approximately    
aproximately,  approximately   
archeological,  archaeological  
acertain,  ascertain      
assertain,  ascertain   
assinine,  asinine     
askin,  asking    
asleeep,  asleep      
assasinate,  assassinate     
assesment,  assessment     
assidious,  assiduous      
assistence,  assistance   
attornies,  attorneys       
authorative,  authoritative  
auxillary,  auxiliary     
avaliable,  available   
aukward,  awkward        
batchelor,  bachelor     
baloon,  balloon     
bananna,  banana      
bankrupcy,  bankruptcy    
baragining,  bargaining   
batallion,  battalion   
beame,  beam         
beefore,  before       
begining,  beginning   
beleive,  believe   
beligerant,  belligerent   
beneficient,  beneficent  
benificial,  beneficial     
bich,  bitch       
brakke,  brake       
bretheren,  brethren     
brieff,  brief        
britian,  britain    
britania,  britannia   
broun,  brown        
bungalo,  bungalow      
bouyancy,  buoyancy   
bouyant,  buoyant     
burried,  buried      
bushell,  bushel     
businesss,  business    
busness,  business   
buyin,  buying     
cancelation,  cancellation   
callin,  calling     
cantaloube,  cantaloupe    
carribean,  caribbean    
catologues,  catalogues     
catagorey,  category    
cemetary,  cemetery      
chauffuer,  chauffeur      
chemestry,  chemistry     
chimnies,  chimneys      
cincinatti,  cincinnati      
cleva,  clever        
coalesed,  coalesced 
coherant,  coherent 
colosium,  coliseum   
calateral,  collateral    
collosal,  colossal    
collosus,  colossus  
commaunded,  commanded    
commision,  commission     
committment,  commitment    
commitee,  committee      
comunicate,  communicate    
comparitive,  comparative    
comparitively,  comparatively   
conpendium,  compendium     
competant,  competent     
compitent,  competent    
consede,  concede    
concieve,  conceive   
concieved,  conceived     
condicions,  conditions   
confectionary,  confectionery  
confermation,  confirmation  
confusin,  confusing   
connoiseurs,  connoisseurs   
concience,  conscience    
conscientous,  conscientious   
concensus,  consensus     
consderin,  considering    
consistant,  consistent     
conpired,  conspired   
comsumer,  consumer       
contempible,  contemptible    
continious,  continuous     
continous,  continuous    
controlable,  controllable    
controvercy,  controversy     
controversey,  controversy    
conviently,  conveniently    
cooly,  coolly     
corderoy,  corduroy     
correspondance,  correspondence  
corrigated,  corrugated     
coud,  could        
countin,  counting    
countriman,  countryman   
craftman,  craftsman     
curiousity,  curiosity    
curicculum,  curriculum   
customery,  customary   
synical,  cynical    
darlin,  darling     
dicidely,  decidedly    
deam,  deem      
definately,  definitely     
definatly,  definitely    
deliguent,  delinquent    
delinquint,  delinquent     
dilirious,  delirious      
delvin,  delving     
denyin,  denying     
dependent,  dependant    
depeciation,  depreciation   
descendent,  descendant   
discription,  description   
dispair,  despair     
duece,  deuce      
devellope,  develop      
developement,  development    
dictionery,  dictionary     
dignatary,  dignitary    
dilapadated,  dilapidated    
diminsh,  diminish    
dinning,  dining       
diptheria,  diphtheria     
dessapoint,  disappoint     
disapoint,  disappoint    
dissapoint,  disappoint     
dissappoint,  disappoint    
dissappointment,  disappointment   
disasterous,  disastrous   
discpline,  discipline 
discreet,  discrete    
dispell,  dispel      
disippate,  dissipate    
devine,  divine     
docter,  doctor      
docters,  doctors    
dormat,  dormitory   
doubte,  doubt      
drasticly,  drastically   
drawin,  drawing    
dreamin,  dreaming    
drewe,  drew      
droped,  dropped    
drunkeness,  drunkenness     
dutchess,  duchess    
duely,  duly     
durin,  during  
ernest,  earnest     
ecstacy,  ecstasy      
effectinge,  effecting   
affeminate,  effeminate      
effervesent,  effervescent   
effeciency,  efficiency    
eisenhhower,  eisenhower   
eligble,  eligible     
elliminate,  eliminate     
illiminate,  eliminate    
embarass,  embarrass     
embarassment,  embarrassment   
embarrasment,  embarrassment     
enclyclopedia,  encyclopedia   
encylopedia,  encyclopedia    
endorsment,  endorsement    
emeny,  enemy          
egnineers,  engineers      
enlargd,  enlarged      
enterteyned,  entertained  
equipt,  equipped     
equivelant,  equivalent     
estimed,  esteemed    
evrey,  every        
exagerate,  exaggerate    
exageration,  exaggeration   
examiantion,  examination    
examinin,  examining    
excelence,  excellence   
excercises,  exercises    
exhilirating,  exhilarating   
exorted,  exhorted      
existance,  existence      
exhorbitant,  exorbitant     
experiance,  experience  
explisitly,  explicitly    
exquiset,  exquisite   
exqusite,  exquisite   
eying,  eyeing     
facilatate,  facilitate    
facinating,  fascinating   
fatiging,  fatiguing    
feare,  fear       
febuary,  february      
fictitous,  fictitious    
fiedler,  fielder      
firey,  fiery        
fieghting,  fighting      
philipinoes,  filipinos     
filthness,  filthiness     
finaly,  finally      
flamable,  flammable   
florished,  flourished     
foriegn,  foreign       
fortright,  forthright  
fourty,  forty     
foxx,  fox        
frescoes,  frescos      
freind,  friend      
fullfil,  fulfill     
fundemental,  fundamental    
fundementally,  fundamentally   
gardner,  gardener    
guage,  gauge    
generousity,  generosity     
genious,  genius      
gastly,  ghastly     
knawing,  gnawing        
gonne,  gone       
goverment,  government    
grabbin,  grabbing     
grammer,  grammar     
grammophon,  gramophone    
granduer,  grandeur     
greatful,  grateful    
grievious,  grievous      
grille,  grill      
gaurantee,  guarantee     
guarenteed,  guaranteed    
gaurdian,  guardian    
guardien,  guardian      
gutteral,  guttural    
hammerskjold,  hammarskjold    
hande,  hand       
hankerchief,  handkerchief   
hansome,  handsome    
harrass,  harass 
haveing,  having      
heartrendering,  heartrending    
heighth,  height     
hienous,  heinous    
hemorrage,  hemorrhage   
heydey,  heyday      
himselfe,  himself   
hinderance,  hindrance   
hinderence,  hindrance    
humly,  humbly     
huricane,  hurricane   
hygeine,  hygiene    
indentified,  identified  
idiocyncracy,  idiosyncrasy     
imaganation,  imagination   
imagnation,  imagination      
immitation,  imitation     
immediatley,  immediately   
immencely,  immensely     
immensly,  immensely     
impedence,  impedance      
impressario,  impresario     
insense,  incense     
incesant,  incessant     
incidently,  incidentally    
incompatability,  incompatibility   
inconvience,  inconvenience   
incorigible,  incorrigible    
incredable,  incredible     
indefinate,  indefinite      
independance,  independence    
inditement,  indictment      
indispensible,  indispensable  
inevitible,  inevitable    
infalable,  infallible      
infinate,  infinite       
ingratitoode,  ingratitude  
inocuous,  innocuous     
innoculate,  inoculate     
insistance,  insistence   
instantanous,  instantaneous   
insted,  instead     
intersede,  intercede    
interferred,  interfered    
intereference,  interference  
interupted,  interrupted      
invarably,  invariably     
irrevelant,  irrelevant      
irrepairable,  irreparable    
irristible,  irresistible    
itimized,  itemized      
jacknife,  jackknife       
jagaur,  jaguar      
japaneze,  japanese       
jaundise,  jaundice    
jelousy,  jealousy      
jeprodise,  jeopardize     
judgement,  judgment       
kaleidescope,  kaleidoscope    
kaliedoscope,  kaleidoscope    
kapock,  kapok       
kahki,  khaki       
kimona,  kimono     
kindergarden,  kindergarten   
kitchin,  kitchen       
knicknacks,  knickknacks 
labelled,  labeled       
labortory,  laboratory   
labratory,  laboratory    
langauge,  language     
leaway,  leeway     
leasure,  leisure   
liesure,  leisure   
levelled,  leveled    
libary,  library      
libray,  library   
lisence,  license     
leutenant,  lieutenant   
linolium,  linoleum     
liquified,  liquefied    
liquify,  liquefy    
livlihood,  livelihood   
loadstone,  lodestone  
lodgement,  lodgment    
lonley,  lonely     
magnificant,  magnificent
magnificient,  magnificent  
magnigicient,  magnificent    
maintainance,  maintenance    
mamoth,  mammoth    
managment,  management  
manuveur,  maneuver     
manufacturies,  manufactories   
masterpice,  masterpiece     
materiel,  material    
mathamatics,  mathematics   
mathmatics,  mathematics    
matress,  mattress   
mattres,  mattress   
mauldin,  maudlin     
ment,  meant    
medecine,  medicine   
meetin,  meeting    
mercanery,  mercenary   
merchandize,  merchandise    
merchantment,  merchantmen   
meterological,  meteorological
metropolitian,  metropolitan    
millionnaire,  millionaire    
minature,  miniature     
miscelaneous,  miscellaneous  
mischievious,  mischievous    
mocassins,  moccasins     
momentus,  momentous     
morgage,  mortgage   
mortgauged,  mortgaged   
murmers,  murmurs     
musnt,  mustnt    
mutalate,  mutilate  
mithical,  mythical   
nadar,  nadir      
naphta,  naphtha     
naptha,  naphtha     
narative,  narrative   
naturaly,  naturally    
navagating,  navigating   
necessarially,  necessarily   
necessarilly,  necessarily    
neccesary,  necessary   
niagra,  niagara    
nickle,  nickel     
nigardly,  niggardly    
nintieth,  ninetieth    
nintynineth,  ninetyninth   
nocternal,  nocturnal    
nonsence,  nonsense      
nothwithstanding,  notwithstanding   
nowdays,  nowadays    
obliggato,  obbligato    
obdirate,  obdurate     
ocassion,  occasion    
ocassionaly,  occasionally    
occasionly,  occasionally
occassionally,  occasionally  
occured,  occurred      
occurence,  occurrence    
octapus,  octopus     
oddysey,  odyssey    
omenous,  ominous      
ommision,  omission     
onirous,  onerous       
oppurtunities,  opportunities    
oposition,  opposition  
oppresser,  oppressor   
opticion,  optician    
optitian,  optician    
orotario,  oratorio     
ochestra,  orchestra      
ordinarilly,  ordinarily     
origen,  origin      
orginally,  originally 
origionally,  originally   
owne,  own       
paine,  pain     
pamphalet,  pamphlet   
pamplet,  pamphlet   
phamplet,  pamphlet   
pamplets,  pamphlets  
phamplets,  pamphlets    
parellel,  parallel        
parallysis,  paralysis   
parephernalia,  paraphernalia   
parenthasis,  parenthesis    
participal,  participle   
pasttime,  pastime     
paster,  pastor   
paternaty,  paternity   
pavillion,  pavilion   
peasent,  peasant    
pecular,  peculiar    
pennance,  penance   
pendelum,  pendulum 
pengiuns,  penguins      
peninsular,  peninsula   
penitentary,  penitentiary     
percieve,  perceive       
preforation,  perforation   
permisable,  permissible    
permissable,  permissible   
perserverance,  perseverance    
perseverence,  perseverance   
personality,  personalty    
persperation,  perspiration    
pursuade,  persuade       
pursuaded,  persuaded      
persausion,  persuasion    
pertaning,  pertaining    
prevaded,  pervaded    
pharoahs,  pharaohs     
fase,  phase      
faze,  phase       
phenominal,  phenomenal      
phenonenon,  phenomenon     
phillipines,  philippines    
phisician,  physician      
physcian,  physician     
physican,  physician    
pickeral,  pickerel       
picnicing,  picnicking   
pittsburg,  pittsburgh     
plaigarism,  plagiarism     
placque,  plaque      
playwrite,  playwright    
plesant,  pleasant     
poetrie,  poetry       
poisenous,  poisonous     
pondorous,  ponderous     
posess,  possess      
posession,  possession    
possesion,  possession    
posiblities,  possibilities   
possiblities,  possibilities    
prarie,  prairie     
preceeding,  preceding  
presipice,  precipice     
preferrable,  preferable     
preferance,  preference   
prefered,  preferred    
predjudice,  prejudice    
predudice,  prejudice     
prejedice,  prejudice   
preperation,  preparation  
perserved,  preserved    
presumptous,  presumptuous   
prevelant,  prevalent    
preventative,  preventive     
prisner,  prisoner     
privelege,  privilege    
priviledge,  privilege   
probabley,  probably      
proceedure,  procedure 
proffesor,  professor    
profer,  proffer       
prominant,  prominent     
promonotory,  promontory   
pronounciation,  pronunciation   
propellor,  propeller      
prophesy,  prophecy     
provisons,  provisions   
pseudynom,  pseudonym    
psycological,  psychological  
publick,  public      
publically,  publicly    
pumkin,  pumpkin    
persue,  pursue    
persuer,  pursuer     
persuit,  pursuit     
qualafied,  qualified    
quandry,  quandary     
quanties,  quantities      
quarrantine,  quarantine     
quarelled,  quarreled      
quater,  quarter      
questionaire,  questionnaire   
quiscent,  quiescent     
quorem,  quorum      
radient,  radiant     
radiater,  radiator     
raize,  raise     
rateing,  rating     
realy,  really     
rebutal,  rebuttal   
receeded,  receded     
reciept,  receipt   
receits,  receipts    
reciepts,  receipts    
receave,  receive     
recieve,  receive    
reciever,  receiver    
receptacel,  receptacle    
resipient,  recipient  
reciprocel,  reciprocal    
recon,  reckon     
reclaimation,  reclamation  
reccommend,  recommend   
reccommendation,  recommendation    
reccomendations,  recommendations   
reccomended,  recommended   
reccommended,  recommended   
recommend,  recommended   
reccomending,  recommending   
reccommending,  recommending    
recompence,  recompense   
redundent,  redundant  
referance,  reference  
refered,  referred   
refering,  referring   
refrigerater,  refrigerator   
regreted,  regretted   
rehabilatate,  rehabilitate   
revelent,  relevant    
religous,  religious    
rememberance,  remembrance    
rendevous,  rendezvous    
renagade,  renegade   
renoun,  renown   
repairation,  reparation  
repell,  repel     
repitition,  repetition     
represenatives,  representatives
representitives,  representatives  
resinded,  rescinded    
resevoir,  reservoir   
responsiblity,  responsibility   
restuarant,  restaurant    
restauranteur,  restaurateur   
raphsody,  rhapsody  
rhuematism,  rheumatism     
rhododrendon,  rhododendron   
ruhbarb,  rhubarb     
rythm,  rhythm    
rediculous,  ridiculous  
romantick,  romantic   
rumage,  rummage    
runing,  running    
sabath,  sabbath    
sacrement,  sacrament    
sacreligious,  sacrilegious   
safty,  safety   
sagatious,  sagacious   
sailer,  sailor     
sanwich,  sandwich   
sanatary,  sanitary   
satisfactary,  satisfactory   
scarsity,  scarcity     
scisors,  scissors    
sissers,  scissors   
sieze,  seize     
siezed,  seized    
selfe,  self        
selle,  sell      
semisters,  semesters    
seminery,  seminary   
seperate,  separate   
sergant,  sergeant  
sheepe,  sheep      
sheperd,  shepherd   
silhuette,  silhouette  
shippin,  shipping    
shouldda,  shoulder    
sholders,  shoulders   
showin,  showing     
shrubery,  shrubbery    
seige,  siege       
significent,  significant  
silke,  silk      
similiar,  similar      
similtanous,  simultaneous  
sincerety,  sincerity    
slimest,  slimmest   
smilin,  smiling  
socable,  sociable    
socal,  social    
solmn,  solemn      
solomn,  solemn       
sophmore,  sophomore   
sarrority,  sorority    
sororiety,  sorority    
saught,  sought    
sourse,  source    
souviner,  souvenir    
sovreignty,  sovereignty   
sparcely,  sparsely    
speer,  spear     
specificly,  specifically   
speciman,  specimen    
speciment,  specimen    
specimans,  specimens     
spiritous,  spirituous     
sprinkel,  sprinkle     
startin,  starting      
stationery,  stationary  
statu,  statue     
stirrin,  stirring  
stirups,  stirrups    
stomack,  stomach   
strainin,  straining 
straightjacket,  straitjacket 
strategem,  stratagem    
stratagy,  strategy    
streneous,  strenuous     
strenous,  strenuous   
streched,  stretched     
stubborness,  stubbornness  
sububan,  suburban
sucess,  success     
sufficent,  sufficient  
sufferage,  suffrage  
suger,  sugar   
sueing,  suing  
superfical,  superficial  
supertendent,  superintendent 
supercede,  supersede   
suplement,  supplement 
supliment,  supplement   
supress,  suppress    
suprise,  surprise 
sureptitous,  surreptitious  
surounded,  surrounded   
swearinge,  swearing    
sylables,  syllables  
symetry,  symmetry  
synonomous,  synonymous   
systemetically,  systematically   
tasit,  tacit    
takin,  taking     
technecally,  technically  
televison,  television   
temperment,  temperament    
temporarly,  temporarily   
temperary,  temporary   
tendancy,  tendency     
terestial,  terrestrial  
terrours,  terrors      
thatt,  that      
therefor,  therefore   
theaf,  thief   
thinke,  think   
thinkin,  thinking  
thourough,  thorough   
thouroughly,  thoroughly 
throughly,  thoroughly   
tobbaco,  tobacco     
tobboganing,  tobogganing 
tonage,  tonnage   
tradegy,  tragedy   
tradgedy,  tragedy   
tranquillity,  tranquility   
tranquility,  tranquillity   
transferrable,  transferable   
transfered,  transferred   
trucculent,  truculent  
truley,  truly    
tieing,  tying    
tyranical,  tyrannical  
undoubtably,  undoubtedly 
undoubtly,  undoubtedly   
unequalled,  unequaled    
unfortunatly,  unfortunately  
universaty,  university   
unmistakeable,  unmistakable   
unparalelled,  unparalleled    
untill,  until    
useage,  usage      
usualy,  usually    
usurous,  usurious   
utterence,  utterance   
vacency,  vacancy   
vancancy,  vacancy    
vacinnation,  vaccination     
vaccilate,  vacillate  
vairous,  various   
vegatable,  vegetable   
vengance,  vengeance   
verticle,  vertical     
vise,  vice  
vituals,  victuals    
villify,  vilify 
villian,  villain    
violance,  violence   
vioiln,  violin   
visable,  visible    
vitamines,  vitamins     
vouture,  voucher    
waggin,  wagging     
wagish,  waggish   
wedensday,  wednesday   
wensday,  wednesday    
weede,  weed   
weigth,  weight    
wierd,  weird    
wheather,  whether    
whitch,  which     
whoe,  who           
withold,  withhold   
worshipping,  worshiping  
yahct,  yacht      
yaht,  yacht      
yerned,  yearned    
yoman,  yeoman    
yeild,  yield   
zelous,  zealous  
zeenith,  zenith    
ablity,  ability         
academicly,  academically    
acept,  accept    
acepted,  accepted 
acess,  access     
accessability,  accessibility   
accesing,  accessing 
acompaning,  accompanying  
acording,  according   
acount,  account       
acounts,  accounts    
acumulated,  accumulated  
aquantences,  acquaintances   
adabtable,  adaptable    
addresable,  addressable 
adiquate,  adequate   
adequattly,  adequately  
adjurnment,  adjournment
advantageos,  advantageous   
advice,  advise     
agiin,  again    
agences,  agencies   
agravating,  aggravating   
alow,  allow     
athough,  although   
analiss,  analyse  
analised,  analysed   
aalysing,  analysing  
analisis,  analysis     
analiss,  analysis     
analsis,  analysis     
anf,  and      
anouncement,  announcement   
anouncing,  announcing  
anoying,  annoying   
anual,  annual   
anomolies,  anomalies      
appologies,  apologies  
appologised,  apologised   
apparant,  apparent    
apeal,  appeal  
apendix,  appendix    
aplicable,  applicable   
upplied,  applied    
applieing,  applying
appoitment,  appointment   
apointments,  appointments  
apreciated,  appreciated   
apreciation,  appreciation 
aproach,  approach   
aproached,  approached   
aproximatly,  approximately   
arte,  are  
aurguing,  arguing    
aranged,  arranged   
arrainged,  arranged   
aranging,  arrangeing   
arragment,  arrangement    
arrangment,  arrangement    
araingements,  arrangements  
articals,  articles   
accesing,  assessing  
assosiated,  associated   
atmospher,  atmosphere    
aurgument,  auguments 
auxillary,  auxiliary  
avaiblity  availability  
avaible,  available    
availble,  available     
basse,  base    
befor,  before    
begining,  beginning  
belive,  believe     
benficial,  beneficial   
benificial,  beneficial   
benifit,  benefit   
benifits,  benefits    
beeteen,  between    
beetween,  between  
bicycal,  bicycle   
bingly,  bingley    
bonas,  bonus     
brif,  brief  
biuld,  build    
biulding,  building   
buisy,  busy   
cancelation,  cancellation 
carear,  career     
carrer,  career      
carrers,  careers    
currers,  careers    
catagoris,  categories  
centraly,  centrally   
cirtain,  certain   
chalenges,  challenges    
chalange,  challenge     
chalenges,  challenges   
choise,  choice    
choises,  choices   
chose,  choose    
chosing,  choosing  
clearical,  clerical    
cleark,  clerk       
clerck,  clerk      
colate,  collate   
comibine,  combine    
comersial,  commercial 
coments,  comments   
comit,  commit    
comittee,  committee  
committe,  committee    
comittees,  committees    
commitees,  committees  
compair,  compare    
compased,  compared   
comppared,  compared    
comparrison,  comparison 
completly,  completely  
componant,  component     
compossed,  composed    
concieved,  conceived    
conditining,  conditioning   
conferance,  conference    
confermation,  confirmation     
concider,  consider    
conciderable,  considerable  
consisit,  consist     
consisiting,  consisting  
consisits,  consists   
contasined,  contained     
containg,  containing    
contasining,  containing   
contually,  continually  
contuned,  continued    
controled,  controlled   
conversly,  conversely   
corparate,  corporate   
correspondance,  correspondence  
creadit,  credit    
citisum,  criticism      
curruntly,  currently  
dat,  data     
dsata,  data     
delt,  dealt     
descide,  decide     
descided,  decided    
descides,  decides      
descision,  decision   
descisions,  decision     
deciscions,  decisions    
descisions,  decisions    
declaratrions,  declarations    
defenition,  definition     
defenitions,  definitions      
diemands,  demands    
dependance,  dependence     
discite,  discrete    
describd,  described    
discribed,  described      
descvription,  description    
desription,  description   
discription,  description    
disiable,  desirable    
despratly,  desperately    
develope,  develop     
diagrammaticaally,  diagrammatically 
diffrent,  different   
dificult,  difficult    
dificulty,  difficulty  
disaggreaget,  disaggregate   
disaggreagte,  disaggregate    
dissapoiting,  disappointing
disiplin,  discipline     
discresion,  discretion 
desacription,  description 
desention,  dissension   
doupt,  doubt    
draged,  dragged   
drasticaly,  drastically   
drasticly,  drastically  
earlyer,  earlier    
earlyest,  earliest   
easer,  easier    
easly,  easily
easyly,  easily    
economtric,  econometric  
ediion,  edition   
ediition,  edition     
elegable,  eligible   
elimiated,  eliminated   
embelishing,  embellishing   
emploied,  employed   
emploies,  employees   
empolyment,  employment   
encompasing,  encompassing  
encorage,  encourage    
enomosly,  enormously   
entierly,  entirely   
equaled,  equalled     
errounous,  erroneous      
especaily,  especially  
esential,  essential 
eventully,  eventually   
evedent,  evident   
exsact,  exact      
exsactly,  exactly    
eximination,  examination  
examin,  examine     
exerlant,  excellent   
excxept,  except    
exessively,  excessively  
executted,  executed   
expanion,  expansion   
expence,  expense   
expencive,  expensive    
experances,  experiences   
experance,  experience   
experiance,  experience      
experances,  experiences  
explaning,  explaining    
exponentualy,  exponentially  
extreamly,  extremely    
extreemly,  extremely   
febuary,  february     
facilitys,  facilities   
failes,  fails       
faulse,  false     
familer,  familiar   
familes,  families   
familys,  families   
faverable,  favourable   
favorably,  favourably  
fealing,  feeling     
femail,  female      
figuar,  figure     
figuars,  figures     
finaly,  finally    
finatical,  financial    
financialy,  financially   
flexable,  flexible    
forbiden,  forbidden     
forcast,  forecast   
forien,  foreign    
forth,  fourth   
functionaly,  functionally  
functuions,  functions   
furhter,  further    
futher,  further     
ganing,  gaining    
generataed,  generated   
geniva,  geneva     
goegraphicaly,  geographically  
goverment,  government   
graphicaly,  graphically
guidlines,  guidelines    
handel,  handle   
hierachial,  hierarchal  
hierachial,  hierarchal    
heiarky,  hierarchy   
hierchy,  hierarchy   
howeverr,  however   
humor,  humour     
idealy,  ideally    
imediate,  immediate   
imediatly,  immediately  
imidatly,  immediately   
inconcievable,  inconceivable 
indead,  indeed     
independant,  independent   
ineffiect,  inefficient 
intial,  initial     
intital,  initial   
inut,  input      
equiries,  inquiries  
insite,  insight    
inteligence,  intelligence     
intrest,  interest    
intresting,  interesting  
interpritation,  interpretation   
interogationg,  interrogating  
investegated,  investigated  
irrelavent,  irrelevant   
journaism,  journalism    
knowage,  knowledge    
knowlege,  knowledge   
largly,  largely   
latter,  later    
lengh,  length    
leval,  level     
levals,  levels   
liew,  lieu       
litriture,  literature     
livelyhood,  livelihood 
lones,  loans        
localy,  locally   
lonley,  lonely    
luckeley,  luckily   
majorty,  majority   
managment,  management  
manualy,  manually      
mony,  many      
mathematicaly,  mathematically  
matriiix,  matrix  
meen,  mean
meens,  means   
ment,  meant   
muinets,  minutes   
muinutes,  minutes    
muiuets,  minutes  
missleading,  misleading   
monitering,  monitoring   
monthes,  months    
moveing,  moving  
nationaly,  nationally   
natior,  nature      
necasery,  necessary  
necassary,  necessary   
necassery,  necessary   
neccasary,  necessary  
neccassary,  necessary  
nessasary,  necessary   
nessisary,  necessary    
nessisitates,  necessitates    
nessesity,  necessity   
negligable,  negligible  
niether,  neither   
nite,  night      
normaly,  normally     
noe,  now  
numbuers,  numbers   
optaning,  obtaining    
ocasionaly,  occasionally   
occasionaly,  occasionally  
occure,  occur      
occureed,  occurred   
operatins,  operations    
opertor,  operator   
operaters,  operators   
oprators,  operators    
oppinion,  opinion     
oppotunities,  opportunities   
opertunity,  opportunity  
opperttunity,  opportunity   
oppertunity,  opportunity 
oppotunity,  opportunity 
ordenary,  ordinary    
oragnisation,  organization    
oranisation,  organization   
oranised,  organized  
orentated,  orientated  
oputput,  output    
overal,  overall    
payed,  paid       
perametres,  parameters  
partialy,  partially    
paerticulaur,  particular   
particulaur,  particular    
particulary,  particularly 
pattarns,  patterns     
pere,  per   
perhapse,  perhaps  
perminant,  permanent   
perminantly,  permanently   
personnell,  personnel  
personel,  personnel   
pivting,  pivoting   
plesent,  pleasant  
polatics,  politics   
possition,  position     
possablities,  possibilities 
possable,  possible   
prepaired,  prepared   
pimarily,  primarily    
piror,  prior     
proceduer,  procedure   
proceding,  proceeding   
preffeson,  profession     
proffit,  profit    
proffits,  profits     
progressess,  progresses    
progresion,  progression    
projeccts,  projects    
proprtions,  proportions    
provid,  provide     
provisionaly,  provisionally    
provisoe,  proviso     
quaties,  qualities    
quies,  queries  
questionare,  questionnaire   
reching,  reaching   
reajusted,  readjusted   
realy,  really     
recieve,  receive    
recieved,  received      
recived,  received   
recieves,  receives 
recives,  receives   
recieving,  receiving 
reciving,  receiving 
reciently,  recently   
recomend,  recommend  
recomendation,  recommendation 
recomending,  recommending  
reffered,  refered   
refereence,  reference   
refference,  reference  
regined,  regained   
rgister,  register    
relativly,  relatively   
relitivly,  relatively    
relavent,  relevant    
relevaant,  relevant    
repetative,  repetitive    
representitive,  representative  
rquested,  requested   
reequired,  required    
reserch,  research   
resoved,  resolved         
responsiblities,  responsibilities   
responcible,  responsible
reulting,  resulting   
retirment,  retirement   
rouint,  routine        
safegaurd,  safeguard  
salarys,  salaries   
scheem,  scheme      
scrutiniesed,  scrutinized    
serch,  search     
serching,  searching  
secutaries,  secretaries  
seurity,  security  
seeen,  seen      
egment,  segment  
segemnt,  segment  
sienior,  senior   
sence,  sense     
sensable,  sensible  
seperate,  separate 
seporate,  separate  
seperated,  separated  
seperation,  separation    
sesion,  session       
et,  set 
sheertes,  sheets   
shortend,  shortened    
hown,  shown      
eign,  sign    
similar,  simular    
singulaur,  singular  
somone,  someone     
sorce,  source     
sorces,  sources    
speeking,  speaking   
stanerdizing,  standardizing  
stoped,  stopped   
studens,  students  
studing,  studying   
subsequant,  subsequent  
subsiquent,  subsequent    
subtrcat,  subtract
succesful,  successful  
sucessful,  successful   
sucssuful,  successful   
sucessive,  successive 
sucsesive,  successive   
shuch,  such     
suufering,  suffering    
suficient,  sufficient 
sugested,  suggested   
sugestion,  suggestion    
sugests,  suggests   
suted,  suited    
sumarys,  summarys  
supervison,  supervision    
suplement,  supplement   
suplementary,  supplementary    
suplements,  supplements   
supposidly,  supposedly   
serounding,  surrounding   
seroundings,  surroundings  
suroundings,  surroundings  
servays,  surveys     
servaying,  surveying  
sysem,  system    
tasble,  table    
tecnique,  technique   
tecniques,  techniques  
tempory,  temporary 
hte,  the   
thi,  the     
thw,  the     
ther,  their    
thier,  their    
thear,  there    
therefoe,  therefore   
therefor,  therefore   
thermawere,  thermawear     
thermawhere,  thermawear   
thees,  these    
thess,  these    
thay,  they    
thorts,  thoughts   
throut,  through   
throuout,  throughout  
timeing,  timing
tittles,  titles   
ro,  to     
togehter,  together 
totaly,  totally  
traditionaly,  traditionally   
trasactions,  transactions   
transfred,  transferred   
transportibility,  transportability  
triangulaur,  triangular  
umberalla,  umbrella      
unavailble,  unavailable    
understadable,  understandable 
unequaled,  unequalled    
unequivocaly,  unequivocally  
unfortunatly,  unfortunately 
unioun,  union      
uneque,  unique     
universaly,  universally    
unversity,  university    
unessasarily,  unnecessarily  
unessessay,  unnecessary
unresloved,  unresolved 
untill,  until     
usedf,  used    
usful,  useful   
uers,  user    
usualy,  usually   
utalised,  utilized   
valubale,  valuable   
valuble,  valuable   
vaiable,  variable  
varable,  variable  
varible,  variable     
vairiant,  variant    
variatry,  variety   
vairious,  various    
vertually,  virtually   
vistor,  visitor  
vistors,  visitors   
volantary,  voluntary  
volantry,  voluntary  
voteing,  voting   
wepons,  weapons     
wagted,  weighted  
wer,  were    
where,  were    
whn,  when  
wheras,  whereas   
wether,  whether   
widly,  widely   
wil,  will     
withing,  within   
whould,  would    
writen,  written    
yesars,  years  
Asien,  Asian
Autum,  autumn
Bolsjevik,  Bolshevik  
Buckhingham,  Buckingham
Cabinett,  Cabinet
Carabean,  Caribbean
Caribean,  Caribbean  
Chrismas,  Christmas
Commonmarket,  Common_Market
Commonweath,  Commonwealth
Commonweatlh,  Commonwealth
Commonwelth,  Commonwealth 
Democrates,  Democrats
Englismen,  Englishmen
Europa,  Europe
Europen,  European
Francise,  Franchise
Greecs,  Greeks
Indien,  Indian
Irland,  Ireland
Italiens,  Italians
Liberales,  Liberals
Massachusets,  Massachusetts
Metodism,  Methodism
New_Yourk,  New_York
Pachistani,  Pakistani
Pakistanies,  Pakistanis
Pakistans,  Pakistanis
Parlamentary,  parliamentary
Porto_Ricans,  Puerto_Ricans
Prime-Minister,  Prime_Minister
Privi_Counsil,  Privy_Council
Puertoricans,  Puerto_Ricans
Scandenaveans,  Scandinavians
Slaves,  Slavs
Suprime,  Supreme
Theran,  Teheran
Wigs,  Whigs
abel,  able
abillity,  ability
abolishion,  abolition
aboundance,  abundance
abreviation,  abbreviation
accidentaly,  accidentally
achievment,  achievement
acquaintences,  acquaintances
acquaited,  acquainted
acuaintance,  acquaintance
admendments,  amendments
administratores,  administrators
admireing,  admiring
adobt,  adopt
adolecence,  adolescence
adolescense,  adolescence
adolesence,  adolescence
advertice,  advertise
adviced,  advised
advicers,  advisers
advices,  advises
advicing,  advising
advicors,  advisers
aerea,  area
aford,  afford
afried,  afraid
aknowledged,  acknowledged
alcaholic,  alcoholic
alchohol,  alcohol
allone,  alone
allowe,  allow
allready,  already
allthough,  although
alltogether,  altogether
allways,  always
aloud,  allowed
althoug,  although
althrough,  although
amandment,  amendment
ambigious,  ambiguous
amentities,  amenities
americanicized,  americanized
ammendment,  amendment
amnisty,  amnesty
an,  and
an_other,  another
and,  an
ansver,  answer
answeres,  answers
apeals,  appeals
appearent,  apparent
appearently,  apparently
apperance,  appearance
apperently,  apparently
appriciation,  appreciation
apropriate,  appropriate
aquaintance,  acquaintance
aquainted,  acquainted
aranged,  arranged
areaes,  areas
argueable,  arguable
arose,  arouse
arrieved,  arrived
as,  at
as,  has
assambly,  assembly
assasinated,  assassinated
assimillated,  assimilated
assosiated,  associated
atatchment,  attachment
atempting,  attempting
athmosphere,  atmosphere
atractes,  attracts
attemts,  attempts
attractes,  attracts
authencity,  authenticity
authentity,  authenticity
autor,  author
avaelable,  available
awailable,  available
awere,  aware
awfull,  awful
back-bone,  backbone
ballott,  ballot
banlance,  balance
barier,  barrier
barriars,  barriers
barriere,  barrier
barrior,  barrier
base-ball,  baseball
basic,  basis
basis,  bases
beatiful,  beautiful
beaty,  beauty
beautifull,  beautiful
becoms,  becomes
becouse,  because
beeing,  being
begining,  beginning
behavour,  behaviour
beleifs,  beliefs
believes,  beliefs
belifs,  beliefs
belive,  believe
benefitted,  benefited
betwen,  between,  
bi-election,  by-election
blaks,  blacks
boarder,  border
boardingshcools,  boardingschools
boicotted,  boycotted
bowle,  bowl
brake,  break
brances,  branches
break-down,  breakdown
break_down,  breakdown
broadely,  broadly
buriel,  burial
busdrivers,  bus_drivers
busing,  bussing
busses,  buses,  
cafe-miljeu,  cafe_milieu
cafee,  cafe
caffs,  cafes
camerades,  comrades
campagnes,  campaignes
campaigne,  campaign
campaignes,  campaigns
campain,  campaign
candidat,  candidate
candidats,  candidates
caotic,  chaotic
capabitities,  capabilities
capabity,  capability
capasity,  capacity
capitol,  capital
carneval,  carnival
carosel,  carousel
carreer,  career
carriing,  carrying
carusell,  carousel
cast,  coast
caste,  cast
catastrophy,  catastrophe
cause,  course
centery,  century
centuary,  century
cerimonial,  ceremonial
chambre,  chamber
chanche,  chance
changability,  changeability
changable,  changeable
changeing,  changing
chanse,  chance
charachterized,  characterized
charachters,  characters
choise,  choice
cinemaes,  cinemas
citizentship,  citizenship
clairifie,  clarify
classridden,  class-ridden
clearify,  clarify
clearity,  clarity
clerly,  clearly
clift,  cliff
clumsey,  clumsy
coalision,  coalition
coalisions,  coalitions
collage,  college
collegue,  college
collegues,  colleagues
collegus,  colleagues
comerades,  comrades
comitted,  committed
comittees,  committees
commited,  committed
commitee,  committee
committs,  commits
comparativly,  comparatively
comparision,  comparison,  
comparisson,  comparison
competation,  compensation
comprehensiv,  comprehensive
compromice,  compromise
compromize,  compromise
comunities,  communities
concequence,  consequence
concequently,  consequently
concerne,  concern
concidered,  considered
concience,  conscience
concious,  conscious,  
conciousness,  consciousness
conclution,  conclusion
conclutions,  conclusions
conected,  connected
conection,  connection
conections,  connections
conferance,  conference
confucion,  confusion
connextion,  connection
conqueer,  conquer
conqueor,  conquer
consch,  conch
consciouss,  conscious
consentrate,  concentrate
consentrated,  concentrated
consentrates,  concentrates
consentration,  concentration
consept,  concept
conseption,  conception
consequenses,  consequences
conserining,  concerning
consern,  concern
conserned,  concerned
conserning,  concerning
constituences,  constituencies
constitusion,  constitution
conveniant,  convenient
conviniently,  conveniently
corpse,  corps
cost,  coast
cottege,  cottage
coulour,  colour
counsil,  council
courtecy,  courtesy
craives,  craves
crisis,  crises,  
criticsim,  criticism
critisism,  criticism
critisizm,  criticism
critizing,  criticizing
critizised,  criticised
cronological,  chronological
crusifixion,  crucifixion
culturary,  culturally
currant,  current
cycle,  circle
dangeling,  dangling
darwinisism,  Darwinism
deads,  deeds
deceases,  decreases
deceide,  decide
deceided,  decided
deceision,  decision
deceisive,  decisive
decendants,  descendants
decicions,  decisions
deciphring,  deciphering
decission,  decision
decissions,  decisions
decition,  decision
decitions,  decisions
declair,  declare
declear,  declare
defenitions,  definitions
deffinitely,  definitely
definetely,  definitely
delegats,  delegates
delemma,  dilemma
deligthed,  delighted
delinquences,  delinquencies
deminish,  diminish
densily,  densely
departemental,  departmental
dependancy,  dependency
depprived,  deprived
depth,  debt
descendent,  descendant
desease,  disease
desegragation,  desegregation
desicion,  decision
desicion,  decision
desicions,  decisions
desillusion,  disillusion
desitions,  decisions
desparate,  desperate
desparately,  desperately
desperat,  desperate
desperatly,  desperately
despice,  despise
desturbs,  disturbs
determins,  determines
develope,  develop
developement,  development
developes,  develops
developped,  developed
deversity,  diversity
devide,  divide
devided,  divided,  
devides,  divides,  
deviding,  dividing
diahorrea,  diarrhoea
diceased,  deceased
diceide,  decide
diciplin,  discipline
diciplinary,  disciplinary
dicipline,  discipline
diciplined,  disciplined
difence,  difference
differe,  differ
differenciated,  differentiated
differencies,  differences
diffrent,  different
dilemmaes,  dilemmas
dillemma,  dilemma
disapeared,  disappeared
disapointed,  disappointed
disapprovs,  disapproves
disasterous,  disastrous
discoteques,  discotheques
discoveres,  discovers
discret,  discrete
discribed,  described
discribing,  describing
discription,  description
disegregation,  desegregation
disenters,  dissenters
disilliusions,  disillusions
disillutionment,  disillusionment
disilusioned,  disillusioned
disipline,  discipline
disobeing,  disobeying
dissappeared,  disappeared
dissappointed,  disappointed
dissappointing,  disappointing
dissillutionment,  disillusionment
distence,  distance
distirbed,  disturbed
disturbences,  disturbances
disturbes,  disturbs
divercified,  diversified
divercity,  diversity
divition,  division
docters,  doctors
dosent,  doesnt
ecconomy,  economy
ecstacy,  ecstasy
electrol,  electoral
eleminate,  eliminate
embarrased,  embarrassed
emphasise,  emphasis
emphesizes,  emphasizes
emply,  imply
encreased,  increased
enormeous,  enormous
enourmous,  enormous
enterprice,  enterprise
envellops,  envelops
envokes,  invokes
equel,  equal
equiped,  equipped
especcially,  especially
espesially,  especially
establisment,  establishment
etheral,  ethereal
everone,  everyone
evry,  every
exactely,  exactly
examplify,  exemplify
excaggerated,  exaggerated
excam,  exam,  
excample,  example
excamples,  examples
exceptionaly,  exceptionally
excist,  exist
excistence,  existence
excisting,  existing
executiv,  executive
exellance,  excellance
exellance,  excellence
exellent,  excellent
exeption,  exception
exhiles,  exiles
exhition,  exhibition
existance,  existence
existant,  existent
exited,  excited
exiting,  exciting
expence,  expense
expences,  expenses
expencive,  expensive
explotion,  explosion
exsaggerated,  exaggerated
exsample,  example
exstensive,  extensive
extatic,  ecstatic
extention,  extension
extreemly,  extremely
extreems,  extremes
extrems,  extremes
eyeopener,  eye-opener
faboulous,  fabulous
faces,  phases
faciating,  fascinating
faild,  failed
failes,  fails
fairitale,  fairytale
faliure,  failure
fals,  false
falsety,  falsity
falsh,  false
falshness,  falseness
familes,  families
familiare,  familiar
fare,  far  
fary_tale,  fairy_tale
fascilities,  facilities
favorable,  favourable
fear,  fair
feriously,  furiously
finnished,  finished  
fixt,  fixed
florish,  flourish
florished,  flourished
for_most,  foremost
fore,  for
forinstance,  for_instance
forshadow,  foreshadow
found_of,  fond_of  
fourty-seven,  forty-seven
fransiche,  franchise
freez,  freeze
frentic,  frenetic
ful,  full
fullfill,  fulfil
fullfilled,  fulfilled  
fundation,  foundation  
fysical,  physical
gab,  gap
garanties,  guarantees
gehettoes,  ghettos
gethoes,  ghettos
ghettoes,  ghettos  
glamourous,  glamorous
glimps,  glimpse
good_bye,  goodbye
goodbuy,  goodbye
gould,  gold
govenor,  governor
goverment,  government
gowern,  govern  
grammaphone,  gramophone
grassing,  grazing
gread,  great
greatnes,  greatness
grieves,  griefs
grown,  ground
guerilja,  guerilla
guvernor,  governor
hampher,  hamper
happend,  happened  
happends,  happens
happenes,  happens
happly,  happily
harmoneous,  harmonious
harmonous,  harmonious
haunted,  hunted
heath,  health 
heriditary,  hereditary
heterogenious,  heterogeneous
heterogenius,  heterogeneous
hinderance,  hindrance
hole,  whole
hoop,  hope
horrow,  horror
hurling,  howling
ilegally,  illegally
illution,  illusion  
illutions,  illusions
imaginativ,  imaginative
imateure,  immature
imature,  immature
imediate,  immediate
imensely,  immensely
imigrants,  immigrants  
imigration,  immigration
immagination,  imagination
immence,  immense
immencely,  immensely
immensly,  immensely
immidate,  immediate
immidiate,  immediate  
immidiately,  immediately
immidiatly,  immediately
imployed,  employed
imployment,  employment
implyed,  implied
importand,  important
independance,  independence
independant,  independent 
independantly,  independently
inequeties,  inequities
inferiour,  inferior
influencial,  influential
infurtile,  infertile
inhability,  inability
inhabitied,  inhabited
initiary,  itinerary
initiativ,  initiative
innocant,  innocent
innosant,  innocent
innoscence,  innocence  
innoscent,  innocent
innosence,  innocence  
inosence,  innocence
inspiering,  inspiring
integrety,  integrity
inteligent,  intelligent
intended,  indented
intension,  intention,  
intensions,  intentions  
intercource,  intercourse
interfers,  interferes
intergrate,  integrate
intergrated,  integrated,  
intergration,  integration 
interprete,  interpret  
interprited,  interpreted
intervowen,  interwoven  
interwiewed,  interviewed
intregity,  integrity
introdused,  introduced
invation,  invasion
invironment,  environment
isolited,  isolated
jalous,  jealous
jalouseie,  jealousy
jealosy,  jealousy
jealus,  jealous
jet,  yet
jobes,  jobs
key,  quay
kindergarden,  kindergarten
layable,  liable
lieve,  leave
liqour,  liquor
livelyness,  liveliness
lonelyness,  loneliness
lonlieness,  loneliness
lonliness,  loneliness  
lonly,  lonely
loose,  lose  
looser,  loser
loosers,  losers
looses,  loses 
loosing,  losing  
lunactics,  lunatics
lynched,  launched
magasines,  magazines
major,  mayor
maraton,  marathon
marked,  market
marons,  maroons
may_be,  maybe  
mayby,  maybe
meat,  meet
medival,  medieval
medows,  meadows
menthal,  mental
metaphores,  metaphors  
methaphors,  metaphors
mileu,  milieu
miljeu,  milieu
millons,  millions
ministeres,  ministers
ministres,  ministers
misdemenour,  misdemeanour
misinterpretted,  misinterpreted
mistres,  mistress
moderne,  modern  
moove,  move  
mooved,  moved  
mouning,  moaning
mucician,  musician
mumies,  mummies
naiv,  naive  
naturrally,  naturally
near_by,  nearby
neccesary,  necessary 
neccessary,  necessary  
necesarily,  necessarily
negativ,  negative
negros,  negroes  
neigbours,  neighbours
nerveus,  nervous
nescessary,  necessary
nessecery,  necessary 
nessecery,  necessary  
neuclear,  nuclear
newcommers,  newcomers
noice,  noise
noicy,  noisy  
non,  none
nonsence,  nonsense
noticable,  noticeable
notised,  noticed
now,  no  
numourously,  numerously
obviosly,  obviously
occasionaly,  occasionally
occation,  occasion
occations,  occasions
occured,  occurre
occurence,  occurrence 
occuring,  occurring
occurrance,  occurrence
of,  off  
ofcource,  ofcourse
officcees,  offices
omnicent,  omniscient
omnicient,  omniscient
omnierant,  omniscient
omnisient,  omniscient
opion,  opinion
oponents,  opponents
oportunity,  opportunity
oposite,  opposite
oposition,  opposition
oppinion,  opinion
opponant,  opponent
opponenst,  opponents
oppositie,  opposite
opptain,  obtain
opression,  oppression
optain,  obtain
or,  our
ordinaire,  ordinary
orginizes,  organizes
origal,  original
origine,  origin
origion,  origin
origional,  original 
orself,  ourself
over-seas,  overseas
owercrowded,  overcrowded
painfull,  painful
paradize,  paradise
paralell,  parallel,  
paralells,  parallels 
paralyce,  paralyse
paraschutist,  parachutist
parlamentarism,  parliamentarism
participan,  participant
partisipate,  participate
pasionat,  passionate
patethic,  pathetic
patiencently,  patiently
pavillion,  pavilion
peek,  peak  
percecuted,  persecuted
percecution,  persecution
perhapes,  perhaps
periode,  period
permantent,  permanent
persentage,  percentage
personnified,  personified
persuation,  persuasion
perverty,  perverted
pessemistic,  pessimistic
pettyness,  pettiness
phoncall,  phonecall
physologically,  physiologically
picknique,  picnic
pitty,  pity
plain,  plane
plentyful,  plentiful
pluss,  plus  
politicans,  politicians  
populair,  popular
posess,  possess
posessed,  possessed
posission,  position
positiv,  positive
pracis,  practice
pracise,  practice
practicle,  practical
practise,  practice,  
precidency,  presidency  
preferrably,  preferably
pregnent,  pregnant
prejustices,  prejudices
pretenting,  pretending
previleges,  privileges
primarely,  primarily
primarly,  primarily
priveleges,  privileges
priviledged,  privileged
probabely,  probably
problemes,  problems
proceede,  proceed
proffesional,  professional
profitting,  profiting
profoundity,  profundity
proofes,  proofs
proove,  prove  
prooved,  proved
prophesy,  prophecy
proportiones,  proportions
prosess,  process  
prospere,  prosper
prostitude,  prostitute
pshycically,  psychically
psychonalist,  psychoanalyst
psycial,  psychical
psyciatrist,  psychiatrist  
psycological,  psychological  
psycologically,  psychologically  
psycologist,  psychologist  
psysical,  physical
psysically,  physically
pupuils,  pupils
quarell,  quarrel
queu,  quay
quit,  quite
raced,  raised
rase,  race
reacent,  recent 
realety,  reality
realiable,  reliable
reallity,  reality  
realy,  really  
reasently,  recently
recieve,  receive
recieved,  received
recieves,  receives
reckonized,  recognized
recogniced,  recognized  
recon,  reckon
refering,  referring
reffers,  refers
refridgerator,  refrigerator
regularily,  regularly
relegion,  religion
relegious,  religious  
relieable,  reliable
reluctand,  reluctant
remaind,  remain
remaind,  remind
reminisence,  reminiscence
remnents,  remnants
requireing,  requiring
resamble,  resemble
resent,  recent  
resently,  recently  
resistence,  resistance
responsibillity,  responsibility
resque,  rescue,  
resqued,  rescued
restorts,  resorts
resturant,  restaurant
revealling,  revealing
rhododendrums,  rhododendrons
rhumours,  rumours
rice,  rise
ridicolous,  ridiculous
rize,  rise
rizen,  risen
roumers,  rumours
rurler,  ruler
ruteless,  ruthless
rythm,  rhythm
salade,  salad
salatbowl,  saladbowl
salery,  salary
sallary,  salary
savegery,  savagery
scandale,  scandal  
scares,  scarce
scedule,  schedule
sceen,  scene
sceleton,  skeleton
scemes,  schemes
scetched,  sketched
schedual,  schedule
schock,  shock,  
scketch,  sketch
scolarships,  scholarships
scrupullous,  scrupulous
scyscrapers,  skyscrapers
seam,  seem
secretely,  secretly
seenery,  scenery
segragation,  segregation
sence,  sense  
sentral,  central
separat,  separate
separeted,  separated
seperate,  separate,  
seperated,  separated
seperately,  separately  
seperation,  separation  
seriousely,  seriously
set-back,  setback
sexualy,  sexually
shoking,  shocking
shools,  schools
showes,  shows
shrilling,  thrilling
similie,  simile  
simililar,  similar
simoultanusly,  simultaneously
sincerly,  sincerely
singinging,  singing
sircle,  circle
sircumstances,  circumstances
sivilization,  civilization
sold,  solved
somhow,  somehow
somthing,  something
sosciety,  society  
sosial,  social  
sosiety,  society
souveniers,  souvenirs
souvereign,  sovereign
spear,  spare
spects,  specs
speek,  speak
spesified,  specified
spoild,  spoiled
spontanous,  spontaneous
stachato,  staccato
stats,  states
stearing,  staring
steril,  sterile
stilled,  still
strait,  straight
streches,  stretches
streching,  stretching
streit,  strait
streneous,  strenuous
strenght,  strength
strenghten,  strengthen
strenghtening,  strengthening
strenous,  strenuous
stricly,  strictly
struggeling,  struggling
struggels,  struggles
strugle,  struggle
strugles,  struggles
stuadresses,  stewardesses
stubborness,  stubbornness
succeded,  succeeded  
succeedes,  succeeds
succes,  success
succesful,  successful
successfull,  successful
sucess,  success
sucessful,  successful
sucpicion,  suspicion
suger,  sugar
sunbading,  sunbathing
supermacy,  supremacy
suport,  support  
supportes,  supporters
supurt,  support
surly,  surely  
surpress,  suppress
surpressed,  suppressed
suspecious,  suspicious
suspens,  suspence
suspiscious,  suspicious
suspition,  suspicion
symphatetic,  sympathetic
symphathetic,  sympathetic
symphathy,  sympathy
symphatize,  sympathize
symphatize,  sympathize  
symphaty,  sympathy 
sympthom,  symptom
symtoms,  symptoms
tail,  tale
talkes,  talks  
taxies,  taxis
telles,  tells
temted,  tempted
teoretical,  theoretical
terapeutic,  therapeutic
than,  then
the,  they
the,  to
theme,  them
theoritical,  theoretical
therefor,  therefore  
thier,  their
thigh,  tight
thight,  tight
threatan,  threaten
thrughout,  throughout
thruth,  truth
tickett,  ticket
to,  the
to,  too  
to,  two  
to_day,  today 
toilettes,  toilets
toillettes,  toilets
tourisme,  tourism
traints,  traits
transision,  transition
transtition,  transition
treath,  threat
treathening,  threatening
trembelling,  trembling
treshold,  threshold,  
triumpet,  trumpet
trokeic,  trochaic
troubeled,  troubled
troubeling,  troubling
tuff,  tough
tuffness,  thoughness
tyranic,  tyrannical
uglyness,  ugliness
underlinded,  underlined
uneasyness,  uneasiness
unite,  unit
unscroupulous,  unscrupulous
untill,  until
upheavel,  upheaval
uppressed,  oppressed
usualy,  usually
usully,  usually
vallies,  valleys
valnerability,  vulnerability
varid,  varied
varie,  vary
vasted,  wasted,  
vasteless,  wasteful
virality,  virility
visitid,  visited
volontary,  voluntary
wally,  valley
wander,  wonder
wast,  vast
weathy,  wealthy
were,  where
wery,  very
wether,  whether
wheras,  whereas
where,  were
wiev,  view
wifes,  wives
witch,  which,  
withdrawel,  withdrawal
worce,  worse
woud,  would
wright,  right
writters,  writers
yeard,  yard

# The hard part

ability $abilIty 61 *abbility 23 *abilaty 42
able $abLE 91 *abel 35
aboard $abOArd 59
about $aboUt 65 *abot 14 *abowt 9
above $abOve 64
abroad $abrOAd 77 *abrod 36
absence $absenCE 97 *absents 29 *absense 22
absent $aBsent 38 $abSent 43 *apsent 33
absolutely $absolutEly 94 *absolutly 59
absurd $absURD 99 *abserd 31
abundance $abUndance 48 $abundAnce 73 *abundence 44
abundant $abUndant 43 $abundAnt 78 *abundent 48
abuse $abUse 61 *abouse 27
accept $ACcept 96 *except 35 *axcept 18
acceptance $aCCeptance 27 $acceptAnce 85 *acceptence 61
accepted $aCcepted 89 *excepted 47
accident $ACcident 45 $acCIdent 32 *axcident 28
accommodate $accomMOdate 98 *accomodate 66
accommodation $accomMOdation 95 *accomodation 55
accompanied $aCCompanied 29 $accompanIEd 41 *acompanied 22
accompany $aCCompany 79 *acompany 68
accomplish $aCComplish 87 *acomplish 42
accordance $aCCordance 26 $accordAnce 78 *accordence 56
according $aCCording 33 *acording 30
accordingly $aCCordingly 47 *acordingly 47
account $aCCount 90 *acount 75
accurate $aCCurate 46 $accurATE 54 *acurate 35
accustomed $acCUstomed 66 $accustOmed 44 *acustomed 22 *accustumed 21
ache $aCHe 84 *acke 33 *ake 22
acknowledge $acknoWledge 70 *acknoledge 42
acquaintance $aCquaintence 43 $acquAIntance 40 $acquaintAnce 40 *accquaintence 16
acquainted $aCQuainted 73 *aquainted 68
acquire $aCquire 68 *aquire 68
acre $aCRE 98 *acer 24 *acher 24
across $acROSS 79 *acros 13 *acroos 16
act $aCt 94 *akt 27 *at 37
action $aCTION 100
active $aCTive 63 *acttive 22
actual *actuall 9 *actural 12
actually $actUAlly 57 $actualLy 59 *actualy 17
add $aDD 100 *ade 18 *ad 23
addition $addItion 28 $addiTIon 44 *addtion 20
additional $addiTIONal 76 *addional 24
address $aDDress 87 *adress 78
addressed $aDDressed 75 *adressed 75
addresses $aDDresses 84 *adresses 47
adjust $aDjust 92 *ajust 60
administration $aDministration 62 *addministration 62
admire $aDmire 31 $admirE 60 *addmire 23
admission $aDmission 44 *addmission 44
admit $admit% 41 *admite 26
adopt $adoPt 32 *adobt 15
adopted $aDOPted 84 *addopted 34
advance $aDvance 59 *addvance 23
advanced $advanCed 52 *advansed 36
advantage $advanTAge 12 *advanage 12
adventure $aDventure 34 $advenTURE 44 *aventure 28
advertise $advERtise 34 $advertiSe 51 *advitise 31 *advertize 27
advertisement $advertiSEment 92 *advertisment 58
advertising $advertis%ing 69 *advertiseing 69
advice $adviCe 94 *advise 83
advisable $adviSAble 100 *advisible 16 *adviseable 39
advise $adviSe 80 *advice 62
advised $adviSed 50 *adviced 50
affair $afFAir 100 *afair 55
affect $Affect 68 *effect 68
affection $Affection 32 $afFection 56 *afection 52
affectionate $afFectionate 22 $affectionATE 75 *affectionet 25
affectionately $affectionatELY 95 *affectionatly 40
afford $afFord 81 *aford 62
afraid $afrAId 90 *afriad 24
after $aftER 78 *aftr 30
afternoon *afternon 13
afterwards $afterwARds 83 *afterwoods 28
again $agAIn 97 *agan 34
against $agAInst 81 *aganst 14 *agenst 21
age $agE 69 *ag 46
agency $agen%cy 58 $agencY 56 *agentcy 29
agent $agEnt 28 *agant 15
ago $Ago 66 *ogo 19 *go 28
agree $agrEE 71 *agre 29
agreeable $agrEEable 68 *agreable 50
agreed $aGreed 40 $agrEEd 33 *aggreed 30
agreement $aGreement 54 $agrEEment 31 *aggreement 39
agriculture $agrIculture 68 *agraculture 32
ahead $ahEAd 93 *aheard 19 *ahade 16
aid $aId 83 $aid% 83 *ade 63
aim $aIm 63 $aim% 83 *ame 54
air $aIr 90 $air% 42 *are 23 *aer 17 *ar 17
airplane $airplAne 25 $airplanE 96 *airplan 46
alarm $a%larm 27 $alaRm 59 *arlarm 20 *alam 18
alcohol $alCOHOl 100 *alchohol 16 *alcohal 22
alfalfa $alFalfa 44 $alfalfA 31 *alphalpha 23
algebra $algEbra 92 *algerbra 20
alike $aliKE 83 *alick 23
alive $alIve 45 $alivE 39 *aliv 23 *alave 18
all
allow $aLLow 92 *alow 62
allowance $allowAnce 81 *allowence 49
allowed $aLLowed 57 $alloWEd 68 *aloud 25 *alowed 21 *alloud 21
all_right
almost $aLmost 86 *allmost 59
alone $alonE 75 *alon 71
along $alONg 94 *alog 26 *aling 23
already $aLready 74 *allready 59
also $aLso 77 *allso 58
although $aLthough 52 $althouGH 63 *allthough 27
altitude $alTITude 67 *altude 17 *alltitude 15
altogether $aLtogether 65 *alltogether 36
always $aLways 86 *allways 27
am $aM 74 *an 66
ambition $ambiTION 90 *ambision 23 *ambishion 18
amendment $aMendment 77 *ammendment 67
america $amerICA 94 *ameraca 23
american $amerIcan 69 $americAN 44 *ameracan 17
ammunition $aMMunition 98 *amunition 94
among $amOng 83 *amoung 55
amount $amOUNt 89 *amont 20 *oment 16
ample $ampLE 88 *ampull 18 *ampile 10
amuse $aMUSE 86 *ammuse 14
amusement $amusEment 93 *amusment 71
an *and 65
analysis $analYsis 47 $analysIs 34 *analisis 34 *analyses 18
analyze $analYze 87 *analize 38 *analyse 21
ancient $ancIEnt 61 *acient 22 *anceint 18
and $anD 80 *an 80
angel $angEL 90 *angle 68
angle $angLE 100 *angel 75
angry $ang%ry 43 $angrY 38 *angery 38
animal $anImal 40 $animAl 56 *anamal 8
ankle $ankLE 89 *ankel 61
anniversary $anNiversary 49 $annIversary 49 $anniversAry 66 *anniversery 18 *aniversary 15
announce $anNounce 88 *anounce 82
announcement $anNouncement 54 $announCEment 46 *anouncement 38
annual $aNNual 100 *anual 69
another $anOther 64 *anther 18 *anather 16
answer $ansWer 49 *anser 22 *ancer 14 *ansewer 12
answered $ansWered 48 $answerEd 35 *answerd 30 *ansered 26
answering $ansWering 29 *ansering 29 *ansewering 23
anticipate $antiCIpate 95 *antisipate 57
anxious $anxIous 53 *anxous 32
any $Any 54 *eny 31
anybody $Anybody 60 *enybody 34
anyhow $anYhow 22 $anyhOW 30
anyone $Anyone 78 *enyone 35
anything $Anything 53 $anYthing 72
anyway $Anyway 46 *enyway 42
anywhere $anywHere 42 *anywere 22
apart $aPart 50 *appart 37
apartment $aPARTment 72
apologize $aPologize 24 $apolOgize 39 $apologiZe 59 *apoligize 17 *apologise 17 *apologies 15
apology $aPology 38 $apolOgy 82 *apoligy 19
apparatus $aPParatus 78 *aparatus 78
apparently $apparEntly 93 *apparantly 56
appeal $aPPeal 73 *apeal 64
appear $aPPear 59 $appEAR 43 *apear 51 *apper 26
appearance $appEArance 54 $appearAnce 53 *apperance 37 *appearence 28
appeared $appEAred 51 $appearEd 44 *appeard 26 *appered 19
appears $appear%s 59 *appeares 59
appendicitis $aPPendicitis 29 $appendicitIs 87 *appendicitus 26
appetite $appEtite 78 *appitite 43
apple $aPPLE 97 *aple 30 *appel 27
apples $aPPles 38 $appLEs 69 *appls 33
application $applIcation 68 *applacation 46 *aplication 21
applied $applIEd 78 *applyed 56
apply $aPPly 71 *aply 45
appoint $aPPoint 81 *apoint 67
appointed $aPPOInted 100 *apointed 68
appointment $aPPOIntment 69 *apointment 34
appreciate $aPPreciate 32 $apprecIate 56 *appricate 21 *apreciate 16
appreciated $aPPreciated 47 $apprecIAted 71 *apreciated 24
appreciation $apPreciation 43 $apprecIAtion 57 *apreciation 28
approach $approAch 92 *approch 63
appropriate $appropRiate 59 *appropiate 48
approval $approvAl 76 *approvel 69
approve $apProve 70 *aprove 60
april $apRIl 94 *apirl 42
apron $apROn 83
are *ar 47
aren't $arEn't 81 *arn't 61
argument $argu%ment 54 *arguement 51
arise $aRise 89 *arrise 86
arithmetic $arithmEtic 62 *arithmatic 8
arm $arM 33 *arn 19
army $arMY 86 *armey 25 *aray 20
around $aroUnd 64 *arond 39
arouse $aRouse 67 *arrouse 56
arrange $arRange 82 *arange 57
arranged $arRanged 94 *aranged 83
arrangement $arrangEment 75 *arrangment 70
arrest $arRest 96 *arest 60
arrival $arRival 41 $arrivAL 69 *arival 30 *arrivial 25
arrive $arRive 94 *arive 79
arrived $arRived 72 $arrIved 32 *arived 45
arrow $arRow 80 *arow 50
art $Art 49 $art% 32 *arte 28 *ort 19
article $articLE 86 *artical 52 *arctical 19
articles $articLEs 91 *articals 43
artificial $artificIal 69 *artifical 58
artist $artIst 68 *artest 42
as
ashamed $ashamED 49 *ashame 20
ashes $aSHES 100 *ashis 16 *ashers 12
aside $aSide 32 $asiDE 55 *addise 32
ask $aSK 84 *ack 26 *aske 16
asked $askED 95 *askt 31
asking $aSKing 58 $ask%ing 30 *askeing 24
asleep *aslep 48
assembly $asSembly 33 $assembLY 39 *asemnly 33
assist $asSist 47 *asist 30
assistance $asSistance 16 $assiStance 52 *assitance 21
assistant $assiStant 86 *assisstant 41
associate $asSociate 39 $assoCIAte 86 *associate 14
association $asSociation 46 $assoCIAtion 90 *assocation 15
assume $aSSUME 100 *asume 35 *assoon 22
assure $aSSure 75 *asure 75
assured $aSSUREd 100 *asured 54
astonish $astonISH 57
at
ate $aTE 73 *aet 51
athletic $ath%letic 44 *atheletic 30
athletics $ath%letics 44 *atheletics 30
atmosphere $atmosPHere 46 $atmospherE 43 *atmosfere 12 *atmospher 12
attach $attach% 34 *attache 34
attached $aTTached 45 $attaCHed 41 *atached 26
attack $attaCK 65 *attach 65
attacked $atTacked 58 $attaCKed 45 *atacked 32
attempt $atTempt 60 $attemPT 47 *atempt 43
attend $atTend 69 *atend 45
attendance $attendANCE 100 *attendence 71
attended $atTended 46 $attenDed 46 *atended 29 *attened 29
attending $atTending 85 *atending 77
attention $attENtion 41 $attenTIon 46
attic $atTic 81 *atic 47
attitude $atTitude 73 *atitude 62
attorney $attOrney 74 $attornEy 51
attraction $atTraction 57 *atraction 56
attractive $atTractive 61 $attractIVE 31 *atractive 33
audience $aUdience 47 $audiEnce 84 *ordiance 39 *audiance 37
august $augUst 73 *augest 33 *agust 15
aunt $aUnt 89 *ant 53
author $authOr 58 *auther 47
authority $aUthority 78 $authorIty 51 *athority 35
auto *outo 18 *ato 17 *oto 15
automobile $automObile 42 $automobIle 68 *automible 22 *automoble 20
autumn $autuMN 95 *autum 53
available $avAIlable 78 $availAble 28 *avalable 34
avenue $avenUE 78 *aveune 18 *avenew 12
average $avErage 77 *avarage 18
avoid $avOId 65 $avoid% 28 *aviod 31 *avoide 22
await $awAIt 76 $await% 68 *awate 27
awaiting $awAITing 100
awake $awakE 65 *awak 32 *awak 19
aware $aWARE 93 *awear 33
away $aWay 56 *auay 45
awful $aWful 88
awfully $aWfully 74 $awfULLy 70 *aufully 16 *awfuly 66
awhile $awHile 81 *awile 56
awkward $aWkward 77 *akward 10 *ackward 9
ax *ox 22 *ask 22
babies $babIEs 97 *babys 60
baby $babY 76 *babe 19 *baba 17
bachelor $bachElor 84 *bachlor 28
back $bACK 88 *bake 16 *bak 14
backwards $backwARds 88 *backwoods 41 *backwords 17
bacon $baCOn 80 *baken 21 *backen 13
bad $bAd 74 *bed 40
badge $baDge 73 *bage 64
badly $badLY 91 *badle 41 *badley 32
bag $bAg 57
baggage $baGGage 64 *bagage 48
bags $bAgs 75 *bogs 50
bake $baKE 91 *back 53
baking $bak%ing 62 *bakeing 62
balance $bAlance 30 $balAnce 52 *balence 45 *blance 21
ball $bALL 96 *boll 23 *bal 21
balloon $bALLOOn 100 *bloon 24 *ballon 14
ballot $ballOT 100 *ballet 56
banana $baNana 30 $banAna 49 *banna 44 *bannana 25
band $bAnd 48 *bend 29 *bande 19
bandage $bandAge 62 *bandge 23
bank $baNK 74
banner $baNNer 59 $bannER 31 *baner 43 *bannar 22
banquet $banQUEt 72 $banquet% 36 *banquete 25 *bankquet 14
bare $bARE 86 *bear 68
bargain $bargAIn 89 *bargin 43
bark $bArk 52
barley $barlEY 94 *barly 63
barn $bARn 91 *bran 16
barrel $barrEL 95 *barrle 25
base $baSE 85 *bace 61
baseball $baSEball 75 *baceball 41 *basball 22
basement $basEment 89 *basment 54
bashful $baSHful 52 *basful 30 *bashfull 24
basin $baSin 49 $basIn 42 *bassin 39
basis $basIs 93 *bases 79
basket $baSKet 39 $baskEt 37
basketball $baskETball 57 *baskball 23 *baskitball 20
bat $bAt 48 $bat% 43 *bate 39 *bet 26
bath $baTH 52 $bath% 36
bathe $bathE 58 *bath 56
bathing $baTHing 56 *batheing 32
battery $battEry 59 $batterY 33 *batery 18
battle $baTTle 51 $battLE 68 *batle 27 *battel 19
bay $baY 76
be $bE 69 *bee 37
beach $bEAch 58 *beech 23
bead $bEAd 96 *beed 55
bean $bEAn 94 *ben 36 *been 26
bear $bEAr 98 $bear% 32 *bare 27 *bar 17
beard $bear%d 64 *beared 39
beast $bEAst 88 *best 50
beat $bEAt 99 *beet 49 *bet 36
beautiful $bEAUtiful 78 $beautIful 35
beauty $bEAUty 91 *beuty 30 *bueaty 22
became $becamE 53 *becam 23
because $becAUse 81 *becuse 17 *becose 9
become $becomE 53 *becom 35
becoming $becom%ing 55 *becomeing 55
bed $bEd 71 *bad 49
bedroom $bedrooM 64 *bedroon 54
bee $beE 68 *be 55
beef $bEEf 98 *beaf 73
been $bEEn 77 *ben 15 *bin 11
beet $bEEt 100 *beat 76
before $beforE 94 *befor 78
beg $bEg 68 *bag 38
began $begAn 74 *begain 43
beggar $beggAr 98 *begger 89
begged $beGGed 69 *beged 60
begin $begIn 57 *begine 20 *begen 19
beginning $begiNNing 87 *begining 63
begins $begin%s 48 *begines 24
begun $begUn 89 *begon 31 *begen 25
behave $behavE 40
behavior $behavIOr 98 *behavor 24
behind $beHind 43 $behinD 41
being $bEIng 100
belief $belIEF 98 *believe 33 *beleif 26
believe $belIEve 95 *belive 44 *beleive 40
bell $bEll 67 *ball 27
belong $belONg 70 *belog 30 *blong 16
below $bElow 45 $beloW 33 *blow 39 *belowe 24
belt $bELt 89 *balt 20 *bellt 16
bend $bEnd 89 *band 37
beneath $benEAth 84 *beneth 31
benefit $benEfit 100 *benifit 55
bent $bEnt 91 *bant 26
berries $beRRies 37 $berrIEs 73 *berrys 22 *berres 15
berry $bErry 65 $beRRy 73
beside $besiDE 67 *besid 42
besides $besidEs 78 *besids 40 *beside 32
best *bast 29
bet $bEt 82 *bat 43 *beat 31
better $betTer 52 *beter 32
between $betwEEn 50 *betwen 23 *beteen 18
beyond $beYond 59 *beond 38
bible $bibLE 65 *bibble 18 *bibel 12
bicycle $bIcycle 61 $biCYcle 47 *bycicle 33
bid $bId 83 *bed 42
big $bIg 75 *beg 25 *bog 17
bigger $biGGer 80 *biger 55
biggest $bigGest 87 *bigest 67
bill $bIll 60 *bil 22 *bell 20
bird $bIRd 88 *brid 34
birds $bIRds 64 *brids 38
birth $bIRth 100 *berth 60
birthday $bIRthday 87 *brithday 40
biscuit $bisCuit 50 $biscUIt 92 *bisket 27 *biscut 25
bit $bit% 46 *bite 46
bite $bitE 86 *bit 69
bitter $biTTer 98
black $blaCK 82 *blak 48
blame $blaME 83 *blam 39
blank $blaNk 63 *blak 26
blanket $blankEt 37
blaze $blaZE 100 *blase 83
bleed $blEEd 97 *bled 44 *blead 35
bless $blESS 76
blew $blEW 87 *blue 43 *blow 30
blind $bliND 65
blizzard $bliZZard 85 $blizzArd 35 *blizard 35
block $blOCK 93 *blok 29 *blak 20
blood $blOOd 98 *blud 33 *blod 26
bloody $blOOdy 80 *bludy 20 *blody 14
bloom $blOOm 76
blossom $bloSSom 51 $blossoM 33 *blosom 24 *bloson 19 *blossem 15
blot $blOt 67 *blat 33
blow $bloW 50 *blo 27
blowing $blOWing 87 *bloing 47
blue $blUE 96 *blew 45 *blow 23
bluff $blufF 73 *bluf 50
board $bOARd 95 *bord 43
boat $bOAt 97 *bot 47
body $boDy 54 *boddy 29 *bode 29
boil $bOIl 72
bond $bOnd 48 $bonD 45 *bound 28
bone $bOne 35 $bonE 78 *bon 44
bonfire $bOnfire 59 $bonfirE 66
bonnet $bonNet 90 *bonet 71
book $bOOk 67 *boak 33
booklet $booklEt 53 *booklit 44 *boklet 24
books $book%s 53 *bookes 53
border $bOrder 79 *boarder 54
bore $boRE 92 *boar 28 *board 23
born $bORn 95 *bron 52
borrow $bOrrow 60 $boRRow 55 *barrow 20 *brow 10
boss $boSS 86 $boss% 45 *bose 35
both $bOth 40 *bothe 19
bother $bOther 83 *barther 16 *borther 15
bottle $boTTle 55 $bottLE 35 *bottel 29 *botle 26
bottom $bottOM 94 *botton 54
bought $bOUGHt 95 *bout 16 *boght 10
bound $bOUnd 100 *bond 62
boundary $boundAry 90 *boundry 71
bow $bOW 96
bowl $boWL 97 *bole 31
box $bOx 80 *bax 31
boxes $boxEs 78 *boxs 64
boy $bOy 59 *bay 41
boys $boYS 51
braid $brAId 90 $braidE 48 *brade 42 *brad 23
brain $brAIn 95 *bran 34 *brin 16
brake $brakE 80 *brak 40
branch $brANCH 93 *brach 15 *branck 9
branches $branCHes 47 *branchs 23 *brances 26
brand $brAnd 54 $branD 56 *brend 14 *bran 12
brass $brASS 85 *bras 30
brave $bravE 46 *brav 46
bread $brEAd 83 *brad 25 *bred 18 *brade 14
breadth $breaDth 82 *breath 75
break $brEAK 97 $break% 53 *brake 42 *brack 19
breakfast $brEAkfast 45 $breakfAst 48 *breakfest 13 *brekfast 7
breaking $brEAking 90 $breaKing 46 *braking 31 *bracking 21
breast $brEAst 91 *brest 59
breath $brEAth 71 *breth 15 *brath 8
breathe $breathE 92 *breath 77
breeze $brEEze 82 $breeZe 49 *breaze 24 *brezze 17
brick $briCk 95 *brik 20 *brak 13
bridge $briDge 96 *brige 60
brief $brIEf 92 *breaf 27 *breif 24
bright $briGHT 87 $bright% 25 *brit 36 *brite 19
bring $bRing 60 *bing 37
broad $brOAd 91 *brod 25 *brode 17
broke $brOKE 99 *brok 47 *brock 24
broken $brOKEN 100 *brocken 12 *brooken 9
brook $brOOk 66 $brooK 61 *brock 42
broom $brOOm 87 *brom 57
brother $bROther 85 *brouther 24
brought $brOUght 73 *broght 13 *brot 11
browm $broWn 93 *broun 17 *bron 12
bruise $brUIse 93 *bruse 55
brush $brUsh 76 *bruch 32 *bush 16
bucket $bUCKet 70 *buket 33
bud $bUD 86 *bod 25 *but 25
bug $bUg 47 *big 22
buggy $bUGGY 100 *bugy 19
build $bUIld 87 *bild 33
building $bUIlding 87 *bilding 29 *bulding 23
buildings $bUIldings 75 *bildings 41
built $bUIlt 81 *bilt 29 *bult 17
bull $bULL 100 *bool 50
bullet $buLLet 62 $bullEt 48 *bulet 34
bulletin $bullEtin 97 *bullitin 43
bump $buMp 69 *bunp 56
bunch $bUNch 83
bundle $bUndle 33 $bundLE 54 *bundel 30 *boundle 19
burden $bUrden 71 *birden 31
bureau $bUREAU 100
burglar $burglAr 50 *burgler 43 *buglar 21
buried $buRied 48 *burried 33
burn $bURn 88 *brun 26 *birn 14
burned $bURned 51 *bruned 18 *burnd 16
burst $bURst 82 *bust 30
bury $bURY 92 *berry 40 *beary 20
bush $bUSh 100 *buch 67
bushel $buSHel 35 $bushEL 71 *bushle 20
business $buSIness 97 *bussiness 32
busy $bUSy 76 *bussy 12 *buisy 12 *bisy 10
but
butcher $buTCHer 98 *bucher 43
butter $bUtter 50 $butTer 63 *buter 25
button $bUtton 65 $buttOn 44 *botton 36
buy $bUy 98 *by 59
buying $bUying 100 *bying 75
buzz $buZZ 100 *buss 49
by $bY 97 *biy 26
cabbage $cabbAge 83 *cabbge 42
cabin $caBIn 100 *caben 32 *cabbin 16
cabinet $cabinET 84 $cabinetE 53 *cabinate 29
cable $cabLE 68
cage $caGE 75 *cag 23 *kage 20
cake $caKE 93 *cak 47
calendar $calEndar 33 $calendAr 91 *calender 48
calf $caLF 94 *caf 45 *calft 25
call $cALL 88 *col 26 *coll 22
called $callEd 59 *calld 40
calling $caLLing 94 *colling 32
calm $cALm 99 *carm 28
came $caME 75 *cane 19 *cam 17 *kame 14
camel $camEL 68 *camal 40
camp $Camp 41 $caMp 48 *canp 22 *kamp 15
campaign $campAIGN 96 *campain 58
camphor $camPHor 62 $camphOR 31 *camper 22 *campher 19 *camfer 17
can $cAn 68 *con 27
cancel $canCEL 100 *cansel 31 *cancell 23
candidate $canDIDate 97 *canidate 31 *candiate 26
candle $candLE 100 *candel 78
candy $candY 79 *cand 25
cane *kane 19 *came 18
canned $caNNed 94 *caned 78
cannon $caNNon 71 *canon 40
cannot $caNNot 55 $cannOT 33 *canot 27
canoe $cAnoe 52 $CANOE 76
can't $cAn't 53
canvas $canvAS 96 *canvis 34
cap *kap 36 *cat 28
capable $capAble 79 *capeable 61
capacity $cApacity 57 $capaCity 58 *capasity 18 *compacity 13
cape *kape 28
capital $capitAl 74 *capitol 60
capitol $capitOl 83 *capital 83
captain $captAIn 90 *captian 34 *capitan 19
capture *capure 50
car $cAr 89 $car% 35 *cor 33
card $cArd 43 *kard 24 *cord 17
cards $carDS 76 *cars 34
care $cARE 87 *car 27 *cear 19
career $cAREER 100 *carreer 23
careful $carEful 48 $carefuL 69 *carefull 46 *carful 30
carefully $carEfully 48 $carefuLLy 52 *carefuly 32 *carfully 29
careless $carEless 89 *carless 75
carpenter $carpentEr 80 *carpentar 67
carpet $carpEt 52 *carpit 17
carriage $carrIAge 100 *carrage 48 *carrige 34
carried $carrIEd 97 *carryed 37 *carred 29
carries $carrIEs 87 *carrys 39
carrot $carrOt 87 *carret 20
carry $caRRy 74 *cary 31
carrying $carrYing 90 *carring 73
cars $cARs 61 *kars 23 *cors 18
cart $cart% 44
cartoon $cartOOn 87 $cartoon% 40 *carton 38 *cartune 24
case $caSE 92 *cace 26
cases $caSes 67 *casses 39
cash $caSH 68 *cach 31
cashier $cashIEr 71 *casher 19
cast $Cast 92 *kast 37
cat $cAt 60 $cat% 33
catalog $catAlog 56 $catalOG 51 *catologue 47
catarrh *catar 23
catch $caTCH 83 *cach 25
cattle $caTTle 47 $cattLE 53 *catle 15 *cattel 11
caught $cAUGHT 94 *cought 54
cause $cAUse 91 *couse 23 *course 17
caused $cAUsed 86
caution $cAUTion 98 *cortion 15 *causion 13
cave $Kave 57 *kave 50
cease
cedar $cEdar 45 $cedAr 73 *ceder 30
ceiling $cEIling 86 *cieling 42
celebrate $celEbrate 75 *celabrate 52
celebration $celEbration 85 *celabration 55
cellar $cellAr 89 *celler 69
cement $CEMent 92 *sement 38 *cemment 23
cemetery $cemetEry 87 *cemetary 71
cent $Cent 55 *sent 34
center $Center 47 *senter 47
central $centrAl 60 *centrel 26 *centeral 13
cents $Cents 44 $cenTS 60 *cens 23
century $centURY 91 *centery 17 *centurey 17
certain $cErtain 34 $certAIn 41 *curtain 20 *sertain 17
certainly $Certainly 41 $certAInly 89 *certenly 15
certificate $cERtificate 53 *citificate 17
chain $chAIn 89 $chain% 68 *chane 34
chair $chAIr 81 *char 18 *chiar 14
chairman $chAIrman 53 $chairmAn 61 *chairmen 39
chalk $chALk 93 *chork 28
champion $cHampion 43 $champIOn 45 *campion 30 *champian 20
chance $chanCE 94 *change 27 *chanch 21
change $chanGE 76 *chang 27
changeable $changEAble 97 *changable 79
changed $chanGed 57 *chaned 38
changing $chang%ing 55 *changeing 55
channel $chaNNel 35 $channEl 69 *channal 45 *chanel 34
chapel $chapEL 96 *chaple 46 *chapal 23
chapter $cHapter 40 $chaptEr 31 *capter 25
character $cHaracter 41 $charActer 45 *charcter 18 *caracter 16
charge $chARge 42 $charGE 55
charged $chARGed 89
charity $charIty 84 *charaty 22
charm $chARM 66
chase $chaSe 61 *chace 22
chauffeur $chauffEUr 77 *chauffer 57
cheap $chEAp 71 *cheep 43
cheaper $chEAper 91 *cheper 33 *cheeper 28
cheat $chEAt 92 *cheet 20 *chet 17
check $chECK 97 *cheak 23 *chack 16
checked $cheCKed 71
cheek $chEEk 79 *chek 23 *cheak 21
cheer $chEEr 92 *chear 42
cheerful $chEErful 36 $cheerfuL 40 *cheerfull 26 *chearful 16
cheese $chEEse 92 $cheesE 54 *chease 23 *chees 22
cherry $chErry 60 $cheRRy 81 *chery 18 *cheery 14
cherries $cheRRies 54 $cherrIEs 86 *cherrys 31 *cheres 13
chest $chEst 93 *cheast 65
chicken $chiCKen 78 *chiken 20
chickens $chiCKens 94 *chikens 23
chief $chIEf 91 *cheif 56
child $CHild 46 *cild 24
children $chiLDren 42 $childrEn 42
chimney $chimNEy 79 *chimny 20 *chimmy 10 *chimmey 9
chin $chIn 65 *chen 40
chocolate $chocOlate 84 *chocalate 35 *choclate 23
choice $chOICe 98 *chose 31 *choise 26
choir $CHoir 78 $chOIR 96 *quire 52
choose $chOOse 82 *chose 38
chop $CHop 50 $chOp 52 *cop 23 *chap 18
chorus
chose $chOse 100 *choose 56
chosen $chOsen 92 *choosen 70
christ *crist 30
christian $christIAn 88 *christain 62
christmas *christmis 19 *cristmus 13
church $chUrch 66 *chirch 14 *cherch 14
circle $cIrcle 30 $circLE 75 *circul 19 *sircul 14
circular $cIrcular 68 *cercular 18 *curcular 14
circulation $CIrculation 73 *curculation 22 *cerculation 14
circumstance $cIrcumstance 93 *curcumstance 80
circumstances $cIrcumstances 34 $circumstanCES 39
circus $cIrcus 65 *curcus 29
cistern $Cistern 99 *sistern 61
cities $citIES 88 *citys 29 *cites 20
citizen $citIZEn 95 *citezen 18 *citisen 15
city $City 52 $citY 67 *cite 27
civil $civIL 88 *cival 62
civilization $civilIZation 86 *civilazation 59
civilized $civIlized 63 *civalized 23
claim $clAIm 93 $claimE 64 *clame 53
clap $clAp 23 $clap% 22 *klap 25 *clape 20
class $claSS 61 *clas 26
classes $claSSES 88
clause $clAUSE 97 *claws 70
clay $clAY 87
clean $clEAn 86 *clen 32
cleaned $clEAned 48 $cleanED 92 *cleand 35 *clend 25
cleaning $clEAning 79 *clening 50
clear $clEAr 94 $clear% 38
clerk $clErk 84 *clark 21 *cleark 19
clever $clEver 76 *cleaver 40
climate $climATE 90 *climet 27
climb $climB 62 *clime 26
cloak $clOAk 95 $cloaK 55 *clock 48
clock $clOCK 97 *clok 26
close $closE 68 *clos 18
closed $closED 68 *closd 35
closely $closELY 87 *closly 33
closet $cloSET 76
closing $clos%ing 89 *closeing 89
cloth $cLOth 62 *colth 23 *clath 19
clothe $clothE 80 *cloth 60
clothes $cloTHES 83 *cloths 34
clothing $cLOTHing 85
cloud $clOUd 90 *clowd 33 *cloued 23
cloudy $clOUdy 48 $clouDY 25 *clody 26
clover $cLOver 46 $clovER 43
clown $clOWn 81 *cloun 31
club $clUb 72 *clob 32
co. $CO. 100 *comp. 30 *com 30
coach $cOAch 74 $coaCH 46 *couch 31
coal $cOAl 100 $coal% 40 *cole 25 *cool 15
coarse $cOArse 98 *course 88
coast $cOAst 95 *cost 58
coat $cOAt 94 *cot 24
cocoa $cocOA 100 *coco 54 *coca 25
coffee $coffEE 95 *coffe 42
cold $cOld 63 *cald 32
collar $coLLar 38 $collAR 80 *collor 34
collect $coLLect 67 $colleCt 32 *colect 34
collection $coLLection 74 *colection 51
college $collEge 70 *collage 49
colonel *curnel 14
colony $coloNY 76 *coloney 36
color $cOlor 42 $colOr 80 *coler 18 *colar 17
colored $colORed 86 *colerd 22 *colered 16
colt $cOlt 31 $colT 36 *cold 27
column $colUMN 94 *colum 27 *colume 26
comb $comB 90 *come 47
combination $combInation 81 *combanation 42
come $cOME 99 *com 19 *cam 19
comes $cOmes 28 $comES 92 *coms 63
comfort $com%fort 60 *comefort 11 *confort 20
comfortable $comfORtable 63 *comfertable 19
comical $coMical 57 $comicAL 46 *commical 40
coming $com%ing 95 *comeing 68
command $coMMand 55 *comand 43
commence $coMMence 75 $commenCe 44 *comence 46 *commense 19
commencement $coMMencement 33 $commencEment 63 *commencment 41
commerce $coMMerce 68 $commerCe 29 *comerce 40
commercial $coMMercial 43 *comercial 31
commission $coMMission 25 $commiSSion 85 *commision 53
committee $comMITTEE 100 *commity 38
common $coMMon 52 $commOn 62 *comman 22 *comon 20 *commem 11
communicate $coMMunicate 76 *comunicate 50
communication $coMMunication 76 *comunication 54
community $coMMunity 74 $communIty 26 *comunity 56
companies $companIES 91 *companys 47
companion $compANIOn 90
company $compAny 78 *compeny 15 *compy 13
compare $compARE 81 *compair 58
comparison $comparisOn 64 *comparision 21
compel $compEL 98 *compell 90
compelled $compeLLed 80 *compeled 60
complain $coMplain 41 $complAIn 62 $complain% 44 *complane 29
complaint $complAInt 94 *complant 53
complete $complETE 98 *compleat 29
completed $complEted 70 *compleated 61
completely $compleTELY 91 *completly 62
complexion $compleXion 100 *complextion 50 *complection 25
compliment $complIment 91 *complement 73
comply $compLY 71
composition $compoSITION 89 *compostion 20
compound $compOUnd 50 *compond 50
concern $conCern 73 *consern 50
concerning $conCerning 70 *conserning 47
concert $conCert 90 *consert 71
conclude $conclUDE 90 *conclud 29 *conclued 29
condemn $condeMN 98 *condem 53
condition $condiTION 90
conduct $condUCT 76 *conduck 16
conductor $conductOr 84 *conducter 64
conference $conferEnce 58 *conferance 44
confess $confeSS 76 $confess% 29
confidence $confIdence 43 $confidenCE 32
confident $confIdent 77 *confedent 27 *conferdent 21
confirm $confIrm 59 *conferm 37 *comfirm 22
congratulate $congraTulate 91 *congradulate 47
congress $congreSS 83
connect $coNNect 93 *conect 60
connected $coNNected 67 $conneCted 39 *conected 61
connection $coNNection 58 *conection 58
conscience $conSCience 80 $conscIEnce 31 *concience 52
conscientious $conSCientious 31 $conscienTIOUS 85 *consciencious 31
conscious $conSCIOUS 100 *consious 25 *concious 22
consent $conSEnt 76 *concent 60
consequence $conSEquence 85 *consiquence 28
consequently $conSEQUEntly 72 *consquently 22 *consiquently 11
consider $conSIDER 100 *concider 19 *consiter 16
considerable $consiDerable 30 $considerABLE 61 *considerble 22
considerably $conSiderably 20 $considerabLY 67 *considerable 40
consideration $conSideration 39 $considEration 27 *concideration 27
considered $conSIDERED 100 *considerd 23
consist $conSist 36
constant $constAnt 63 *constent 31
constantly $constAntly 46 $constanTly 40 *constently 31
constitution $consTITution 83 *constition 31 *consitution 22
construction $construCtion 63 *construcktion 44
contain $contAIn 63 *contane 14
contained $contAIned 50 $containED 56 *containd 24
containing $contAIning 63
content $contEnt 51 *contant 17 *containt 13
contents $contenTS 94 *contence 40 *contense 25
contest $conTest 31 $conteST 31 *conest 23
continent $contInent 84 $continEnt 33 *contenent 27
continually $continUAlly 33 $continuaLLy 70 *continualy 52
continue $conTINUE 94
continued $contINUEd 100
contract $contraCT 71 *contrack 50
contrary $conTRARY 97 *contray 28 *contary 21
control $contrOL 89 *controll 33 *controle 10
convenience $convEnience 70 $convenIEnce 55 *convience 28
convenient $convEnient 91 $convenIEnt 35 *convienient 22
convention $convenTion 65 *convension 30
conversation $conVERsation 71 *convesation 27
convince $convInce 80 *convience 53
cook *kook 24
cooked $cookED 72 *cookt 35
cookies $cookIEs 94 *cookes 58
cooking $Cooking 39 $coOKing 44 *kooking 28
cool $cOOL 89 *coll 17 *col 10
cooperate $cOOperate 76 $coopErate 41 *coperate 23 *coaperate 20
cooperation $cOOperation 79 $coopEration 51 *coaperation 21 *coperation 19
copies $copIES 94 *copys 35
copper $coPPer 77 *coper 77
copy $coPY 84 *cope 23 *coppy 20
cord $cORd 75 *courd 18 *coard 9
cordially $cordIAlly 68 $cordiaLLy 44
corn $cORn 88 *con 24 *cron 12
corner $cORner 74 *coner 34
corporation $cORporation 28 $corpOration 92 *corperation 45
correct $coRRect 68 *corect 50
correspond $coRRespond 52 $corrEspond 53 *correspond 21 *corraspond 11
correspondence $corREspondence 88 *corespondence 27
correspondent $correspondEnt 62 *correspondant 57
cost $cOst 71 *cast 47
cottage $coTTage 57 *cotage 17
cotton $cottOn 94 *cotten 81
cough $cOUgh 62 $couGH 55 *caugh 17
could $cOUld 93 *cood 27
couldn't $couLdn't 18 $coulDN't 52 *couldent 17
council $counCIl 86 *counsel 39
count $cOUnt 98 *cont 40
counter $cOUnter 86 *conter 76
countries $cOUntries 44 $countrIEs 69 *countrys 24 *contries 18
country $cOUntry 76 $countRY 92 *contry 19
county $cOUnty 56 $counTY 63 *conty 24
couple $cOUple 92 *cuple 34 *cupple 23
courage $cOURage 87 *currage 21 *curage 13
course $cOURse 100 *coarse 22 *cause 16
court $cOUrt 69 *cort 23
courteous $cOUrteous 42 $courtEOUs 85 *courtious 41 *curtious 34
courtesy $cOUrtesy 55 *curtesy 50
cousin $coUsin 42 $cousIn 51
cover $cOver 47 *cuver 26
covered $covEREd 99 *coverd 44
covering $cOVERing 86
cow $cOW 87 *caw 30 *cau 21
crack $craCK 92 *crak 52
cracker $cRACKer 95 *craker 58
cradle $craDle 44 $cradLE 49 *craddle 21 *cradel 15
crash $craSH 83 *crach 67
crawl $crAWL 97 *crall 14 *crol 11
crazy $craZY 88 *crasy 30
cream $crEAm 83 *crem 26
creamery $creamERY 84 *creamy 31 *creamry 20
creature $creAture 54 $creatUre 32 *creture 50
credit $crEDIT 100
creek $crEEk 89 *creak 51
creep $crEEp 90 *creap 60
crept $crEpt 68 *creept 17
crew $crEW 96 *crue 26 *crow 21
cried $crIEd 98 *cryed 29 *crid 23
crime $crIme 48 $crimE 72 *crim 37
cripple $criPPle 70 $crippLE 27 *criple 44
criticism $critiCism 77 $criticiSm 31 *critisism 33
criticize $critiCize 73 $criticiZe 30 *critisize 37 *criticise 15
crochet $croCHET 97 *croshay 18
crop $crOp 31 $crop% 31 *crope 23
crops $crop%s 50 *cropes 29
cross $croSS 78 *cros 28
crossing $cROssing 64 $croSSing 59 *crosing 28 *corssing 24
crow $crOW 87 *croe 20 *cro 19
crowd $croWd 70 *croud 56
crown $croWn 70 *croun 60
cruel $crUEL 100 *crual 22
crumb $crUmb 35 $crumB 76 *crum 48
crust $crUst 79 *crost 45
cry $cRY 100 *cri 24
crying $crYing 84 *cring 21
crystal $crYstal 56 $crystAL 51 *cristal 31 *crystle 19
cucumber $cucUmber 68 *cucomber 38
cultivate $cUltivate 42 $cultIvate 65 *cultavate 19
cunning $cUnning 70 $cuNNing 48 *conning 37
cup $cUp 85 *cap 32 *cop 32
cupboard
cure $Cure 82 *qure 25
curiosity $curIOSity 98 *curiousity 62
curious $cUrious 47 $curiOUs 62 *courious 24
curl $cUrl 80 *carl 15 *cirl 11
curly $cuRly 34 $curLY 59 *currly 21 *curley 16
current $cuRRent 61 $currEnt 27 *curent 30
curtain $cUrtain 46 $curtAIn 65 *certain 15 *curtian 12
curve $cUrve 80 *cerve 25
cushion $cuSHIOn 93 *cusion 26
custom $cUstom 61 $custOm 77
customary $cUstomary 42 $customAry 49 *customery 37
customer $cUstomer 75 $custOmer 77 *costomer 21 *costumer 17
cut $cUt 91 *cat 46
cute
cutting $cuTTing 90 *cuting 72
cylinder $cYlinder 81 $cylInder 55 *cilinder 24 *cilender 18
daily $dAIly 64 $daiLY 38 *daly 16
dairy $dAiry 61 *diary 39
daisy $dAIsy 89 $daiSY 59 *dasy 21
damage $damAge 72
damp $daMP 90 *damp 34
dance $danCE 78 *danse 24
dancing $danc%ing 91 *danceing 62
dandy $dandY 83 *dande 18 *dand 17
danger $daNger 40 *dager 30
dangerous $dangerOUS 76 *dangerus 21
dare $dAre 90 $darE 88 *dear 35 *dair 21
dark $dArk 32 $darK 60 *darck 49
darling $dARLing 94 *dolling 16 *dalling 6
data $dATA 100 *dater 41 *datter 22
date $dATE 95
daughter $dAUghter 53 $dauGHter 82
dawn $dAWn 93 *down 39 *daun 21
day $dAY 97
days $daYS 96 *das 43
dead $dEAd 94 *ded 38
deal $dEAL 100 *deel 41
dealer $dealER 77 *dealor 47
dear $dEAr 98 *der 24 *daer 18 *deer 16
dearest $dEArest 50 $dearEst 43 *derest 39
death $dEATH 100
debate $debATE 82 *debat 34 *debait 18
debt $dEBt 97 *dept 28 *deat 16
dec. $dEC. 100 *des. 64
deceive $decEIve 99 *decieve 50 *decive 34
december $deCEMber 96 *decmber 16 *desember 10
decent $deCent 83 *desent 37 *descent 27
decide $deCide 57 *deside 49
decided $deCided 68 *desided 48
decision $deCision 61 $deciSion 55 *decission 20 *desision 13
declaration $declAration 58 *decloration 53
declare $declARE 95 *declair 39
decorate $decOrate 77 *decerate 45
deed $dEEd 93 *dead 40 *ded 25
deep $dEEp 100 $deep% 33 *dep 33
deer $dEEr 100 *dear 76
defeat $defEAt 80 *defeet 48
defend $defenD 48
defense $defenSe 94 *defence 94
definite $definIte 45 $definitE 69 *definate 33 *definet 22
definition $deFInition 64 $definItion 31 *definishion 11 *deffinition 16
degree $deGRee 43 $degrEE 43 *degre 21
delay $delAy 63 *deley 23
delayed $deLAYED 81 *delaid 48
delicate $delICATE 99 *delecate 22
delicious $deliCIous 81 *delicous 50
delight $deliGHt 65 $delightE 54 *delite 25
delighted $deliGHted 53 *delited 25
delightful $deliGHTful 61 *delighful 25 *dilightful 17
deliver $delIver 81
delivered $deliverEd 57 *deliverd 43
delivery $dElivery 26 $delIvery 56 *delievery 11
demand $deman%d 74 *demaned 74
democrat $demOcrat 43 $democrat% 62 *democrate 37
dense $denSe 94 *dence 86
dentist $dentIst 63 *dentest 20
deny $denY 85 *denie 19 *denigh 13
department $depArtment 40 *deportment 35
depend $depen%d 50
deposit $deposIt 25 $deposit% 45 *deposite 45
depot $dePOT 100 *depo 21 *depoe 19
depth $dePTH 96 *debt 25 *dept 23 *debth 21
descend $deSCend 92 *decend 61
describe $dEScribe 81 *discribe 40 *decribe 36
described $dESCribed 90 *discribed 36 *decribed 31
description $dEscription 87 *discription 76
desert $deSert 75 *dessert 59
deserve $deSERVE 98
design $desiGN 90 $design% 53 *desine 28 *dezine 19
desirable $desir%able 84 *desireable 74
desire $dEsire 48 $desIRE 48 *disire 29
desired $dEsired 37 $desIred 38 *disired 12
desirous $desir%ous 79 *desireous 46 *desirious 25
desk $dEsk 38 $desK 42 *dask 23 *dest 18
desperate $despErate 82 *desparate 37 *desprat 24
despise $dEspise 67 *dispise 56
destination $destInation 82
destroy $dEstroy 71 $destROY 17 *distroy 58
destroyed $dEstroyed 74 $destROyed 60 *distroyed 40
determine $determIne 55 $determinE 94 *determin 34 *determan 11
determined $determINED 93 *determind 30
develop $develop% 85 *develope 78
development $develop%ment 93 *developement 89
devil $devIl 92 *devel 58
devoted $devotED 32
diameter $diamEter 84 *diamiter 33 *diamater 16
diamond $diAmond 97 *dimond 36
dictionary $dictIOnary 68 $dictionAry 49 *dictionery 14 *dictonary 12
did $dId 80 *ded 53
didn't $diDn't 27 $didN't 49 *dident 30
die $dIE 100 *diy 30 *di 20
died $dIEd 82 $died% 57 *dide 32
difference $diffErence 31 $differEnce 40 *diffrence 20 *differance 27
different $diffErent 38 $differEnt 49 *diffrent 25 *differant 20
difficult $diffIcult 76 *diffacult 19 *dificult 16 *diffucult 16
difficulty $diffIculty 77
dig $dIg 43 *deg 28 *dige 20
dim $dim% 47 *dime 45
dime $diME 93 *dim 49
dine $dINE 100 *dime 26
dining $diNing 88 *dinning 88
dinner $dInner 43 $diNNer 66 *diner 34
diploma $dIploma 56 *deploma 44
direct $dIrect 56
direction
directly $dIrectly 39 $direcTLY 36
director $directOr 38 *directer 30
dirt $dIRt 91 *drit 34 *durt 28
dirty $dIRty 83 *durty 31
disagreeable $diSagreeable 24 $disagrEEable 67 *disagreable 27
disappear $diSappear 58 $disaPPear 83 *dissapear 39 *disapear 31
disappoint $diSappoint 44 $disaPPoint 89 *disapoint 51 *dissapoint 35
disappointed $diSappointed 58 $disaPPointed 63 *disapointed 35 *dissappointed 32
disappointment $diSappointment 54 $disaPPointment 80 *dissapointment 42 *disapointment 38
discount
discourage $discOUrage 50 $discourAge 57 *discourge 39
discover $dIScover 84 *descover 32 *dicover 27
discovered $discoverEd 60 *discoverd 60
discuss $discUSS 77 *discuse 16
discussed $discuSSED 90 *discust 37 *discused 23
discussion $discuSSion 81 *discusion 32
disease $dIsease 77 *desease 21
disgrace $disGrace 81 $disgraCE 68 *discrase 43
disgust $disGust 66 $disguST 47 *discust 28
disgusted $disGusted 80 *discusted 51
dish $diSh 76 *dich 46
dishes $diSHes 51 $dishES 58 *diches 23
dislikes $dIslike 38 $dislIKE 42 *deslike 24
dismiss $diSmiss 38 $dismIss 58 *dismess 33
display $dISplay 69 *desplay 37
dispose $dIspose 54 *despose 38
disposition $dispOSItion 77 *dispostion 23
dispute $disputE 67 *disput 24
distance $distANCE 96 *distants 20
distant $distAnt 68 $distanT 36 *distent 39 *distance 32
distinguish $distingUIsh 76 *distingwish 33 *distingush 20
distinguished $distingUIshed 77 *distingwished 44
distribute $distribUTE 57 *distrubute 17 *distribut 14
district $distrICT 93 *distrect 36
disturb $dIsturb 72 *desturb 67
ditch $diTch 95 *dich 34 *dicth 24
dive $dIVE 95 *div 32
divide $dIvide 36 $dividE 63 *divid 25 *devide 24
dividend $divIdend 58 $dividenD 58 *divident 21 *divedend 11
division $divisIOn 52 *divison 34
do
doctor $doCtor 35 $doctOr 70 *docter 32
dodge $doDge 88 *doge 69
does $dOEs 81 $does% 51 *dose 47
doesn't $doESn't 85 *dosent 32
dog $dOG 97 *dag 31
doing $dOIng 77 *daing 19
doll $dOll 79 $dolL 36 *dall 24
dollar $dollAr 88 *doller 44 *dollor 24
dollars $dollArs 81 *dollers 56
domestic $domEstic 49 $domestiC 61 *domestick 16 *domistic 16
done $dONE 100 *dun 39 *doen 15
donkey $donkEy 82 *donky 32
don't $dON'T 100 *donte 21 *dount 19
door $dOOr 98 *dor 30 *doar 11
doors $dOOrs 74 *dors 41
dose $doSE 84 *does 22
double $dOUble 95 *duble 36
doubt $douBt 84 *dout 31
doubtful $douBtful 67 $doubtfuL 38 *doutful 25 *doubtfull 13
doubtless $douBtless 58 *doutless 35
dove $dOVE 100 *dav 23 *dov 17
down $dOWn 93 *doun 26
dozen $doZen 76 *dosen 15 *doxen 11
dr. *doc. 55
draft $draFt 50
drag $draG 57 *drage 28
drank $draNk 52 *drak 28
draw $dRAW 100 *drow 45
drawer $drawER 94 *draw 70
drawn $drAWn 85 *dron 14 *drown 11
dread $drEAd 82 *dred 60
dreadful $drEAdful 40 $dreadfuL 40 *dredful 35 *dreadfull 33
dream $drEAm 78 $dream% 21 *drem 27
dreamed $drEAmed 68 $dreamEd 53 *dremd 21
dress $drESS 90
dressed $drESSED 99
drew $drEW 90 *drue 19 *drow 16
dried $drIEd 96 *drid 42
drift $dRIft 62 *dirft 16 *dreft 16
drill $drIll 47 $drilL 62 *drile 21 *dril 17
drink $driNK 60 *drik 22
drinking $driNKing 67 *driking 28
drive $drIve 30 $drivE 46 *driv 22
driven $drIven 50
driving $driv%ing 70 *driveing 63
drop $dROp 90
dropped $droPPed 79 *droped 64
drove $drovE 47
drown $drOWn 82 $drown% 78 *dround 17 *drond 15
drowned $droWned 26 $drownEd 38 *drownd 20
drug $drUG% 98 *drog 26
drum $dRUm 89 *durm 54
drunk $drUnk 87 *dronk 34
dry $drY 100 *dri 31
duck $dUck 59 $duCK 75 *duk 21
due $dUE 94 *dew 70
dug $dUg 89 *dog 30 *dig 17
dull $dUll 72 $dulL 28 *doll 16 *dell 13
duly $dULY 98 *dully 44 *duely 36
dumb $dUmb 33 $dumB 63 *dum 38 *domb 21
duplicate $duPlicate 27 $duplIcate 53 *duplacate 23 *dublicate 15
during $dURing 88
dust $dUst 92 *dost 16
dusty $dUsty 28 $dustY 82 *duste 20
duties $dutIEs 75 *dutys 50
duty $dUty 50 $dutY 36
dying $dYIng 100 *dyeing 56
each $eAch 62 $eaCH 32 *ech 16
eager $eAger 59 $eagEr 60 *eagar 27 *eger 26 *egar 26
eagle
ear $eAR 95 *ere 25 *er 25
earlier $earlIEr 64 *earlyer 22
earliest $earlIEst 75 *earlyest 75
early $eArly 69 *erly 16
earn $EArn 85 *ern 32
earned $eArned 60 $earnEd 43 *erned 21
earnest $eArnest 88 $earnEst 26 *ernest 53
ears *ers 25
earth $EArth 56 *eath 26 *erth 22
easier $easIEr 86 *easer 31 *easyer 19
easily $easIly 77 *easely 23 *easly 21
east $eAst 97 *est 65
easter $eAster 81 *ester 49
eastern $eastERn 87 *eastren 34
easy *esy 14
eat *ete 19 *et 23
eaten $eatEN 57 *eatten 32
eating $EAting 85 *eting 20
economical $ecoNOMical 56
edge *ege 25 *eage 24
education $edUcation 50 *eduacation 20
effect $eFFect 56 *efect 53
effective $Effective 68 *affective 63
efficiency $efficIEncy 65 $efficien%cy 24
effort $efFOrt 80 *efort 41 *effert 23
egg *agg 25 *eeg 15
eggs *egges 23
eight *ate 52 *eaght 26
eighteen $EIghteen 39 $eightEEn 46
eighth $eigHTH 95 *eigth 32 *eight 31
eighty $EIghty 74 *eaghty 15
either $eIther 84 *eather 23 *ether 23
elaborate $elabOrate 88 *elaberate 37
elbow $ELbow 60 $elboW 51 *elbo 26 *albow 16
elect $eLect 57 *ellect 38
elected $eleCTed 50 *ellected 30
election $eleCTion 64 *ellection 18
electric $electriC 59
electrical $electRICAL 98
electricity $electriCity 67 *electrisity 25 *electrizity 15
elephant $elEPHAnt 99
elevator $elEvator 84 $elevatOr 48 *elavator 32
eleven $elEven 72 *elven 32
else $elsE 70 *els 28
elsewhere $elSEwhere 66 $elsewHERe 71 *elswhere 17 *elseware 15
embroidery $embrOIdery 80 $embroidEry 43 *embrodery 19
emergency $emergEncy 43 $emergenCY 33 *emergancy 22
employ $employ% 56 *employe 28 *imploy 21
employee $employEE 90 *employe 59
employer $employER 96 *emplorer 36 *emploer 21
employment $employ%ment 45 *employement 45
empty $emPty 73 *emty 37
enable $Enable 84 *anable 44 *unable 36
encourage $encOUrage 35 $encourAge 52 *encourge 48
end $End 90 *and 38
endeavor $endEAvor 74 $endeavOr 62 *endever 34 *endevor 27
endure $endUre 63
enemies $enEmies 37 $enemIEs 55 *enemys 45
enemy $eNEMy 94 *enamy 15 *emeny 15
energy $enerGY 69 *energey 25
engage $Engage 32 *ingage 22
engine $engIne 50 $enginE 77 *engin 24 *engen 19
engineer $engIneer 34 $enginEEr 78 *enginer 29
english $engLISH 43
enjoy $Enjoy 32 *injoy 32
enjoyed $enJoyed 28 $enjoYED 80
enjoying $Enjoying 59 $enjoYing 35
enormous $enormOUs 83 *enormus 49
enough $enOUgh 82 $enouGH 76 *enuf 17
enter $Enter 49 *anter 25
entered $entEREd 93 *enterd 20
entertain $Entertain 55 $entertAIn 37 $entertain% 41 *intertain 28
entertainment $entertAINMent 87 *entertanment 14 *entertament 16
enthusiastic $enthusIAstic 65 *enthusastic 14
entire $Entire 33 $entIre 33 *intire 26
entirely $Entirely 42 $entirEly 69 *entirly 29 *intirely 16
entitle $entitLE 49
entrance $ent%rance 33 $entrAnce 39 *enterance 31 *entrence 19
envelope $envElope 75 *envolope 37
envy $envY 91 *envey 52
equal $eqUAl 93 *equel 35
equally $equaLLy 70 *equaly 59
equipment $equiPment 78 *equippment 63
equipped $equiPPed 89 *equiped 70
erect $erECT 97 *ereck 16
errand $eRRand 46 $errAnd 70 *errend 21 *erand 12
error *errow 16 *eror 11
escape $Escape 38 $eSCape 52 *ascape 29 *excape 17
especially $espEcially 29 $especIAlly 36 $especiaLLy 50 *especialy 31
essay $eSSAY 96 *esay 24 *essa 20
essential $eSSential 50 *esential 42
establish $Establish 41 *astablish 36
estate $Estate 65 *astate 50
estimate $estImate 78 $estimAte 33 *estamate 37
etc. *ect. 89
even $evEn 68 *evn 32
evening $evEning 46 $eveNing 72 *eveing 28 *evning 12
event $e%vent 43 $evEnt 41
ever $Ever 73 *aver 31
every *evry 26 *avery 21
everybody $everYbody 83 *everbody 39 *everebody 22
everyone $everYone 48 *everone 25
everything $everYthing 44 *everthing 39
everywhere $everYwhere 46 *everwhere 28
evidence $evIdence 85 *evedence 32
evidently $evIdently 81 *evedently 78
exact $eXact 81 $exact% 29
exactly $Exactly 27 $exACtly 79 *excatly 13 *excactly 12
examination $examInation 76 *examanation 31
examine $examinE 75 *examin 75
example $eXample 57 *exsample 19
exceed $excEEd 76 $exceed% 63 *excede 41
exceedingly $exCEEdingly 90 *excedingly 41
excellent $exCellent 65 *exellent 36
except $exCept 85 *exept 27 *exsept 15
exception $EXCeption 86 *ecception 32
excess $eXCess 78 *exess 22 *exsess 18
exchange $exCHange 68 *excange 32
excite $eXCite 72
excitement $eXCitement 28 $excitEment 82 *excitment 57
exciting $eXCiting 64 *exiting 32 *exciteing 16
excursion $excUrsion 36 $excurSion 77 *excurtion 28
excuse $exCUse 98 *exuse 42
executive $exECutive 63 *exectutive 28
exercise $exerCise 94 $exerciSe 48 *exersize 27 *exersise 22
exhausted $exHausted 79 $exhAUsted 30 *exausted 58
exhibit $eXHIbit 75 $exhibIt 46 *exibit 27
exhibition $exHibition 69 *exibition 52
exist $eXist 90 *exsist 75
expect $eXpect 68 $expeCt 46 *exspect 26 *except 17
expected *exspected 11
expecting $eXpecting 83 *exspecting 44
expedition $expEdition 88 *expidition 82
expense $expenSe 94 *expence 83
expenses $expenSES 100 *expences 61
expensive $expenSive 70 *expencive 51
experience $experIEnce 88 *experiance 39 *experence 20
explain $explAIn 67 $explain% 47 *explane 24
explained $explAIned 72 $explainED 40 *explaned 44
explanation $explAnation 76 *explaination 46
explore $explorE 84 *explor 28
export $eXport 62 *exsport 61
express $eXpress 33 $expREss 50 *exspress 15 *experss 14
expression $expreSSion 97 *expresion 40
exquisite $exqUIsite 29 $exquisITE 83 *exquist 27
extend $eXtend 40 $extEnd 34 *exstend 28 *extand 22
extended $eXtended 38 $extenDED 62 *exstended 24
extension $extenSion 94 *extention 77
extent $eXtent 43 *exstent 24
extra $extRA 96 *exter 20
extraordinary $extrAOrdinary 80 *extroadinary 25 *extrordinary 17
extreme $extrEme 78 $extremE 72 *extream 44
extremely $extremELY 87 *extremly 64
eye *i 26
eyes
face $faCE 80 *fas 30 *fase 28
fact $taCt 87 *fackt 32
factor $factOr 86 *facter 46
factories $factOries 39 $factorIES 69 *factorys 29
factory
faculty $faCUlty 96 *facilty 20 *facalty 18
fail $fAIl 65 $failE 47 *fale 27
failed $fAIled 80 *faled 60
failure *falure 33
faint $fAInt 78 *fant 37
fair $fAir 98 $fair% 45 *fare 27
fairly $fAIrly 67 *farly 50
fairy $fAIry 80 $fairY 50 *fariy 27 *fary 16
faith $fAIth 84 $faith% 36 *fath 36 *fathe 28
faithful $fAIthful 38 $faithfuL 35 *faithfull 35 *fathful 23
fall $fALL 100 *fol 28 *fal 26
falling $fALLing 95 *folling 47
false *fales 18 *faulse 13
familiar $familIAr 71 *familar 36
family $famILy 89 *famly 19
famous $famOUs 83 $famous% 29 *famus 19
fancy $fanCY 95 *fance 38
far $fAr 83 *for 26
fare $fARE 100 *fair 93
farm $fARm 90 *form 19 *from 14
farmer $faRMer 59 *famer 10
farming $fARming 77
farther $fARther 91 *father 68
fashion $fashIOn 62 *fashon 23
fast $faSt 48 *fat 29 *fas 25
fasten $faSTen 90 *fasen 64
fat *fet 32
father $fa%ther 75 $fathER 25 *farther 29 *farthar 22
fault $fAUlt 93 *falt 32
favor $favOr 100 *faver 59
favorable $favOrable 69 $favorAble 48 *faverable 32
favorite $favorIte 60 $favoritE 40 *favorate 31 *favorit 30
fear $fEAr 92 $fear% 39 *feer 30 *fere 17
fearful $fEArful 39 $fearfuL 61 *fearfull 51
feast $fEAst 65 *fest 44
feather $fEAther 96 *fether 70
feature *feture 29
feb. $fEb. 84 *fab. 53
february $febRUAry 89 *febuary 28 *feburary 19
fed $fED 92 *feed 21
federal $fedEral 58 *fedral 30
fee $fEE 92 *fea 61
feeble $fEEble 96 *feable 32 *feble 27
feed $fEEd 85 *fed 38
feel $fEEl 98 $feeL 50 *fell 24 *feal 23
feeling $fEEling 96 $feeLing 75 *felling 58
feet $fEEt 74 *fet 30
fell $fEll 87 *fill 53
fellow $fELLow 83
felt $fELt 77 *falt 28
fence $fEnce 74 *fance 31
fern $fErn 90 *firn 26 *furn 22
ferry $fERRy 100 *fairy 22 *fery 19
fertile $fertILE 92 *fertal 20 *fertil 20
fever $fEver 85 *feaver 65
few $fEW 97 *fue 22
fiction $fiCTion 36
field $fIEL 96 *feild 51
fierce $fIErce 89 $fierCe 34 *feirce 21 *ferce 15
fiery $fIEry 97 *firey 45 *firery 28
fifteen $fiFTeen 66 $fiftEEn 38 *fiften 29
fifth $fiFth 83 *fith 43
fifty $fiFTy 86 *fivety 17 *fivty 14
fight $fiGHT 78 *fite 37
fighting $fiGHting 86 *fiting 48
figure $figURE 86 *figer 27
figures $figURES 91 *figurs 21
file $fILE 98 *fill 23
filed $filEd 62 *fild 41
filing $fILing 100 *filling 60
fill $fiLL 89 *fil 23 *fell 19
filled $fiLLed 49 $fillED 72 *fild 19 *filld 15
film $fILm 91 *flim 39
final $finAL 92 *finel 26
finally $finAlly 30 $finaLLy 85 *finaly 54
financial $financIAL 62 *finacial 14
find $fIND 100 *fond 23 *fin 13
fine $finE 87 *fin 40 *find 23
finest $finEst 69 *finist 20 *finst 18
finger $fiNger 35 $fingER 50 *figer 16 *fingr 11
finish $finIsh 60 $finiSh 29 *finsh 21 *finch 11
finished $finIShed 68 *finshed 31
fire $fIre 56 $firE 91 *fir 31
fireman $firEman 60 $firemAn 43 *firemen 33
firm $fIrm 90 $firM 35 *ferm 48 *fern 29
first $fIRst 93 *frist 27
fish $fiSh 80 *fich 30
fishing $fiSHing 86 *fiching 55
fit $fIt 32 $fit% 56 *fite 35
fitted $fiTTed 70 *fited 36
five $fiVE 86 *fiv 25
fix $fiX 91
fixed $fiXED 100 *fixt 22 *fixd 14
flag $fLAg 76
flame $flamE 78 *flam 69
flat $flAt 50
fled $fLEd 100 *flead 49
flesh $flEsh 86 $fleSH 28 *fleash 45
flew $flEW 99 *flow 52
flies $flIEs 98 *flys 59
flight $fliGHt 92 $flight% 48 *flite 44 *flit 30
float $flOAt 95 $float% 29 *flot 36 *flote 26
flock $floCK 89 *flok 33
flood $flOOd 99 *flud 35 *flod 30
floor $flOOr 100 *flor 22
flour $flOUr 96 *flower 11
flower $floWEr 89 *flour 40
flowers $flOWers 33 $flowERs 71 *flowrs 17
fly $flY 88 *fli 26 *flay 17
flying $flYing 82 *fling 41
fold $fol%d 58 *foled 43 *fould 19
folk $fOLk 79 *foke 34
folks $fOLKS 100 *fokes 21 *foks 19
follow $foLLow 64 *folow 19 *flow 10
following $fOLLOWing 100 *flowing 31
follows $fOllows 33 $follow%s 56 *followes 56
fond $fOnd 88 *found 52
food $fOOd 100 *fod 31
fool $fOOL 100 *foll 35
foolish $fOOlish 73 *folish 21
foot $fOOt 91 *fot 26
football $fOOtball 47 $footbAll 28 *feetball 15 *footboll 20
for $fOr 70 *far 36
force $fOrce 32 $forCe 71 *forse 40
forced $fOrced 26 $forCed 68 *forsed 36
foreign $forEIGN 100 *foriegn 20
foreigner $forEIgner 59 $foreignEr 38
forenoon $forEnoon 95 *fornoon 80
forest $fORest 69 $forESt 55 *farest 19 *frost 13
forever $forEver 52 $forever% 48 *foreever 43 *forevere 28
forget $forgEt 59 *forgat 36
forgive $for%give 26 $forgIve 47 *forgave 26 *foregive 24
forgot $for%got 59 $forgOt 50 *foregot 32
forgotton $forgottEn 58 *forgotton 41
fork $forK 41 *forke 27
form $fORm 65 *from 20
formed $fORmed 50 $formED 50 *fromed 21
former $fOrmer 46 *farmer 37
formerly $forMERLY 99 *formally 58
fort $fORt 81 *fought 38
forth $fOrth 89 *fourth 43
fortunate $fortunAte 48 *fortuneate 35
fortune $fOrtune 51 $fortunE 35 *fourtune 18
forty $fOrty 91 *fourty 91
forward $foRward 75 *foward 58
forwarded $foRwarded 49 *fowarded 38
fought $fOUGHT 99 *fort 70
found $fOUnd 95 *fond 40
foundation $fOUndation 42 $foundaTION 58 *fondation 16 *foundition 11
fountain $fOUntain 43 $fountAIn 80
four $fOUr 100 *for 70
fourteen $fOUrteen 87 *forteen 47
fourth $fOUrth 89 *forth 76
fox $fOX 100
fragrant $fragrAnt 79 *fragrent 49
frame $frAme 31 $framE 78 *fram 32 *fraim 24
frank $franK 52 *franck 31
free $frEE 72 *fre 42
freeze $frEEze 61 $freeZe 58 *freese 17 *freze 14
freight $frEIght 97 *frieght 55
french $frEnch 72 $frenCH 34 *franch 45
frequent $frEQUent 80 *freequent 34
frequently $frEquently 54 *freequently 27
fresh $frESh 91 *freash 44
friday $fRIday 86 *firday 40
friend $frIEnd 98 *frend 28 *freind 25
friendly $frIEndly 98 *freindly 31 *frendly 14
friends $frIEnds 95 $frienDS 31 *frends 40 *freinds 27 *frinds 20
friendship $frIEndship 96 *freindship 45
frighten $friGHten 72 *friten 19
frightened $friGHTENED 98 *frightend 30
frog $fROg 87 *forg 37
from $fROm 90 *fram 15
front $frOnt 80 *frount 36 *frunt 22
frost $fROst 79 *forst 39
froze $froZE 98 *frose 35 *fros 24
frozen $froZen 60 *frosen 27
fruit $frUIt 72 $fruit% 39 *frute 19 *fruite 16
fry $frY 93 *fri 26 *frie 25
fuel $fUEL 99 *fule 33
full $fUll 79 *foll 26 *fill 21 *ful 19
fully $fuLLy 67 *fuly 34
fun $fUn 92 *fan 31 *fon 16
fund $fUnd 56 *found 34
funeral
funny $fUnny 27 $fuNNy 66 *funy 15 *funney 8
fur $fUr 78 *fer 22 *furr 14
furnace $furnAce 78 $furnaCe 45 *furnice 11
furnish $fUrnish 46
furnished $fURnished 58
furniture $furniTURE 55
further $fURther 96 *farther 24 *futher 16
future *furture 22
gain $gAIn 78 $gain% 81 *gane 59
gallery $gaLLery 44 $gallEry 71
gallon $galLOn 91 *galin 21
game $gaME 79 *gane 44
games $gamEs 74 *gams 58
garage $gArage 41 $garAge 53 *garge 23 *grage 16
garden $gARden 56
garment $gARment 45 $garmENt 42 *garmet 18
gas $gaS 50 $gas% 42 *gase 18
gasoline $gasOline 74 *gasaline 24
gate $gAte 45 $gatE 90 *gat 23
gather $gAther 41 *garther 33 *gether 22
gave $gAve 46 $gavE 48 *gav 23
gay *jay 23
geese $gEEse 52 $geeSE 59 *gees 25
gem $Gem 87 $gEm 54 *jem 43 *jam 33
general $genEral 71 $generAl 27 *genaral 36
generally $genErally 26 $generaLLy 74 *generaly 54
generous $genErous 47 $generOUs 46 *generious 27
genius $genIUs 100 *genious 32
gentle $gentLE 81 *gentel 22
gentleman $gentLEman 70 $gentlemAn 32 *gentelman 30 *gentlemen 17
gentlemen $genlLEmen 69 $gentlemEn 48 *gentleman 30 *gentelmen 28
genuine $genUINE 93
geography
get $gEt 81 *gat 27
getting $geTTing 86 *geting 75
ghost $gHOst 95 *goast 38
giant $gIAnt 91 *gaint 57
gift $gIFt 88
gingham $ginGHAm 96 *gingum 28 *gingam 16
girl $gIRl 88 *gril 49
girls $gIRls 67 $girl%s 25 *grils 61
give $gIve 51 $givE 66 *giv 30
given $givEn 78 *givin 31 *givein 26
gives $gIves 39 $givEs 64 *givs 40
giving $giv%ing 95 *giveing 95
glad $gLAd 82
gladly $gLAdly 38 $gladLY 65 *glady 27
glass $glaSS 72 *glas 50
globe $globE 73 *glob 43
gloomy $glOOmy 49 $gloomY 64 *glooming 11 *gloomming 18 *glomy 11
glorious $glorIOUs 67 *glourious 17
glove $Glove 50 $glOve 56
gloves $gLOves 37 $glovES 57 *glovs 22 *cloves 19
go $gO 80
goat $gOAt 98 $goat% 27 *gote 27 *got 18
god $gOd 83 *gad 34
goes $gOEs 98 $goes% 47 *gose 36 *gos 32
going $gOIng 64
gold $goLD 67
golden $goldEN 53 *gloden 17 *goldin 17
gone $gOne 43 $gonE 83 *gon 45
good $gOOd 89 *god 25 *goad 16
good-bye $good-byE 99 *goodby 95
goodness $goodneSS 57 *goodnes 24
goods $good%s 49 *goodes 38
goose $gOOse 58 $goosE 47 *gose 42 *goos 32
gossip $goSSip 73 $gossIp 46 *gosip 36
got $gOt 84 *gat 28 *goot 19
govern $goveRn 64 *goven 28 *gover 20
government $goverNment 79 *goverment 67
governor $goveRnor 84 *govenor 73
gown *grown 26
grab $grab% 82 *grabe 76
gracious $graCious 69 $gracIOUs 58
grade $gRADE 100 *grad 35 *gread 18
gradually $gradUALLy 99 *gradualy 24 *graduly 15
graduate $graDuate 57 $gradUAte 41 *graguate 26
graduation $graDUAtion 90 *graguation 20 *grauation 15
grain $grAIn 84 $grain% 28 *gran 27 *grane 17
grammar $grammAr 88 *grammer 76
grand $gRand 32 *gand 21 *graned 16
grandfather $grandfa%ther 47 *grandfarther 31
grandma $grandMa 53 *grandna 28
grandmother $graNDmother 52 *granmother 29 *grandnother 19
grandpa $granDpa 42 $grandpA 58 *grandpar 26
grant $gRant 31 *gant 20 *grand 18
grapes $grapEs 91 *graps 71
grass $grAss 53 $graSS 35 *gess 19 *gras 12
grateful $grATEful 96 *greatful 78
gratitude $graTITude 94 *graditude 52
grave $grAVe 58
gravy $grav%y 94 *gravey 87
gray $grAY 100 *grae 27
grease $grEAse 74 $greaSE 80 *greas 18 *gres 30
great $grEAt 85 $great% 60 *grate 47
greater $grEAter 50 *grater 45
greatest $grEAtest 37 $greatEST 49 *gratest 18 *greastest 13
greatly $grEAtly 63 *grately 29 *gratly 17
green $grEEn 58 *gren 28
greet $grEEt 71 *great 52
grew $grEw 93 *grow 45
grief $grIEf 75 *greif 60
grieve $grIEve 83 *greive 26 *greave 24
grind $grIND 88 *grined 15
grip $grIp 45 $grip% 37 *gripe 25
groan $grOAn 89 *grown 59
groceries $grocEries 27 $grocerIEs 66 *grocerys 28
grocery $groCery 45 *grosery 27
gross $groSS 100 $gross% 89 *grose 55
ground $grOUnd 91 *grond 28
group $grOUp 47 $group% 53 *groupe 32
grow $gROw 89 *gow 23 *gro 20
growing $grOWing 68 *groing 50
growl $grOWl 90 *groul 29 *grawl 18
grown $groWn 67 *groun 27
growth $grOWth 97 *groth 32 *grouth 29
guarantee $gUArantee 74 $guarAntee 62 *garantee 17 *guarentee 16 *garentee 14
guard $gUArd 97 *gaurd 42
guardian $gUArdian 88 *gaurdian 65
guess $gUESS 100 *ges 25
guessed $gUEssed 79 $gueSSed 38 *gessed 12 *gussed 17
guest $gUEst 81 *gest 27
guide $gUIde 57 $guidE 72 *guid 28
guilty $gUIlty 80 *gilty 31
gum $gUm 63 *gun 26 *gam 24
gun $gUn 82 *gon 38
gutter $gUTTer 93 *guter 26
gymnasium $gYmnasium 36 $gymnasIUm 56
habit $haBit 85 *habbit 29 *habet 17
had $hAD 93
hadn't $had%n't 64 *haden't 36
hail $hAIl 100 $hail% 68 *hale 33
hair $hAIr 94 *har 21 *hare 15
half $haLf 89 $half% 52 *hafe 31 *haf 23
hall $hAll 91 *holl 56
hammer $haMMer 79 *hamer 63
hand $hANd 74
handed $hanDED 88 *haned 44
handful $handfuL 90 *handfull 80
handkerchief $hanDkerchief 68 $handkerchIEf 23 *hankerchief 49
handle $handLE 71 *handel 22
handling $handLing 71 *handeling 24 *handleing 21
hands $hanDS 81 *hans 32
handsome $hanDsome 74 *hansome 33
hang $hAng 49 $hanG 40 *haing 31 *hand 18
happen $haPPen 73 *hapen 35
happened $happENED 99 *happend 60
happiness $happIness 79 *happyness 39
happy $happY 81
harbor $haRbor 33 $harbOr 88 *harber 59
hard $hARd 88 *had 18 *hrd 25
hardly $hardLY 62 *hardley 17
hardware $hardwARE 82 *hardwear 37
harm $hARM 87
harvest $haRvest 63 *havest 42
has $hAs 55 *hase 29 *his 22
hasn't $has%n't 67 *hasen't 45
haste $hastE 92 *hast 77
hastily $hastIly 90 *hastely 63
hat $hAt 59 *hot 35
hatch $haTCH 96 *hach 62
hatched $haTCHed 71 $hatchED 51 *hached 24
hatchet $haTchet 53 *hachet 37
hate $hAte 69 $hatE 100 *heat 35 *hat 17
hated $hATed 72 *heated 14 *hatted 14
haul $hAUl 84 *hall 34
have $hAve 26 $havE 47 *hav 34 *hove 16
haven't $havEN't 97 *havn't 36 *havein't 28
having $hav%ing 59 *haveing 59
hawk $hAWk 90 *hark 19
hay $hAY 94
he $hE 75 *hi 50
head $hEAd 96 *hed 32 *had 21
headache $headACHE 99 *headace 23
health $hEAlth 57 *helth 43
healthy $hEAlthy 44 $health%y 56 *helthy 16
heap $hEAP 100 *heep 50
hear $hEAr 98 $hear% 26 *her 37
heard $hEArd 70 *herd 35 *hard 20
hearing $hEAring 99 $hear%ing 53 *hereing 40 *hering 29
heart $hEArt 81 *hart 52
heat $hEAt 67 *heet 28
heaven $hEAven 89 $heavEn 35 *heven 51
heavy $hEAvy 60 $heav%y 68 *heavey 32 *havey 16
heel $hEEL 100 *hell 35 *hel 23 *heal 21
height $hEIght 100 *hight 53 *hieght 30
held $hEld 72 $helD 33 *hald 24
hello $heLLo 41 $hello% 62 *hellow 24
help $hElp 96 *hlp 40 *halp 28
helped $helpED 52 *helpt 24
helpful $helpfuL 80 *helpfull 60
helping $hElping 73 *halping 27 *hellping 17
hen $hEn 80 *han 34
hence $henCE 96 *hense 54
her $hEr 96 *har 60
herd $hErd 100 *heard 89
here $hEre 75 $herE 85 *hear 51
hereafter $herEAfter 100 *hearafter 67
heretofore $heretoforE 82 *heretofor 56
herewith $hEREwith 73 *hearwith 45
hero $hEro 33 $hero% 39 *heroe 28
herself $hersELf 67 *herslef 29
hesitate $hesItate 93 *hesatate 19 *hesetate 10
hid $hId 54
hide $hidE 61 *hid 53
high $hiGH 96 *hie 29
higher $hiGHER 98 *hier 23 *hire 18
highest $hiGHest 63 $highEST 55 *hiest 25
highly $hiGHLY 92
hill $hiLL 97 *hil 29
him $hiM 76 *hin 64
himself $himsELF 76 *hinself 21
hinge $hingE 61 *hing 39 *hindge 26
hint $hInt 63 *hent 37
hire $hIRE 100 *higher 41
his $hIs 70 *hes 36 *has 16
history $histORy 82 *histry 23 *histroy 20
hit $hIt 58 *het 22 *hat 14
hoarse $hOArse 86 *horse 35 *hourse 20
hoe $hOE 100 *how 52 *ho 31
hog $hOg 81 *hag 23
hold $holD 62 *holed 24
holding $hoLDing 73 *holing 23
hole $holE 92 *hold 34 *hol 22
holiday $hoLIday 100 *holaday 39 *holiday 25
hollow $hoLLow 82 *holow 39
holy $hoLY 84 *holly 29 *holey 22
home $hoME 87 *hom 27 *hone 20
homely $homEly 94 *homly 78
homesick $homEsick 78 $homesiCK 22 *homsick 59
honest $HOnest 65 *onest 18 *anest 17
honey $hOney 54 $honEy 78 *hunny 22 *hony 17
honor $honOr 100 *honer 86
honorable $honOrable 84 *honerable 44
hood $hOOd 94
hook $hOOk 100 *hok 34
hoop $hOOp 79 *hop 39
hop $hOp 25 $hop% 62 *hope 59
hope $hOpe 34 $hopE 100 *hop 61
hoped $hoPed 66 *hopped 52
hoping $hop%ing 91 *hopeing 73
horn $hoRn 72 *hone 28 *hon 25
horrible $horrIble 76 *horrable 21
horrid $hoRRid 46 $horrId 77 *horried 26
horse $hoRse 29 $horSE 67 *hors 27
horses $hORses 70 $horSES 26 *hores 32 *horeses 17
hose $hoSE 78 *hoes 48
hospital $hosPITAL 99
hot $hOt 92 *hat 62
hotel $hotEL 94 *hotell 41 *hotle 28
hour $Hour 76 $hoUr 31 *our 63
hours $hOUrs 39 $hour%s 39 *houres 29 *ours 26
house $hOUse 41 $houSE 63 *houe 25 *hous 12
houses $hOUses 75 $houSES 43 *howses 27 *hoses 22
how $hOW 86 *hou 34 *haw 23
however $howEVER 83 $however% 43 *howevery 40
huge $huGE 61 *hugh 35
human $humAn 72 *humon 16 *humen 15
humble $humbLE 67
humor $humOr 71 *humer 32
hundred $hUNdred 34 $hundREd 67 *hunderd 7
hung $hUNg 98 *hong 44
hungry $hunGRY 88
hunt $hUnt 69 *hont 24
hunting $hUnting 55 *hanting 21
hurried $hurrIEd 88 *hurryed 18 *hurred 16
hurry $hURRY 99 *hury 21
hurt $hUrt 90
husband $husbAnd 58 $husbanD 30
hymn $hyMN 96 *hym 38 *hymm 32
i
ice $iCE 95 *ise 15
i'd $i'D% 00 *i'de 35 *i'ed 31
idea $idEA 38 $idea% 58 *idear 38
ideal $idEAl 93 *idel 47
idle $idLE 68 *idel 40
if
ignorance $ignorAnce 72 $ignoranCE 34 *ignorence 45
ignorant $ignOrant 31 $ignorAnt 36 *ignorent 28
i'll $i'LL 64 *ile 26 *ill 16
ill $ILL 100 *il 33 *ell 20
illness $illNESS 83
illustrate $iLLustrate 47 $illUstrate 50 *ilustrate 37
i'm $I'M 100 *i'me 29 *i'n 21
imagine $iMagine 33 $imaginE 48 *immagine 19 *imagin 15
imitation $imItation 70 *imatation 43
immediate $iMMediate 57 $immEdiate 43 *imediate 31
immediately $immediatELY 80 *immediatly 40
immense $iMMense 71 $immenSe 73 *imence 21 *immence 18
immortal $iMMortal 74 *imortal 71
impatient $impatIEnt 81 *impationt 19
import $iMport 80 *inport 80
importance $importANCE 74 *importants 16 *importence 12
important $importAnt 58 $importaNT 35 *importent 26
impose $impoSE 32
impossible $impoSSible 71 $impossIble 38 *imposible 29 *imposable 15
improve $iMprove 52 *inprove 42
improved $iMproved 68 *inproved 58
improvement $improvEment 85 *improvment 75
in
inch $inCH 72
inches $inchES 81 *inchs 25
inclose $Inclose 60 *enclose 60
inclosed
include $incLUDE 98 *includ 27 *inclued 45
income $iNcome 32 $incoME 41
inconvenience $inconvENIEnce 99 *inconvenence 17 *inconvience 12
increase $incrEAse 57 $increaSE 68 *incress 23
increased $incrEASed 94
indeed $indEEd 84 *inded 33
independence $independEnce 57 *independance 48
independent $independEnt 70 *independant 51
indian  $indIAn 77 *indain 23 *indan 17
indicate $indIcate 93 *indecate 86
individual $indIvidual 31
industrial $industrIAl 93 *industral 24 *industriol 13
industrious $industRIOUS 99
industry $industRY 67 *industrie 25
inferior $infERIOR 98 *inferier 15
influence $infLUEnce 79 *infulence 13 *influance 13
inform $iNform 49 $inform% 27 *imform 37
informed $iNformed 46 $inforMed 46 *imformed 46
information $iNformation 38 *imformation 37
initial $Initial 57 *enitial 39
injure $inJURE 100 *injur 28 *inger 19
injured $inJURED 95 *ingered 23 *ingerd 20
injury $injur%y 72 *injurey 44
ink $iNK 73 $ink% 25 *inke 20 *ing 14
innocent $iNNocent 82 $innoCent 28 *inocent 42
inquire $inquiRE 46 *inquir 27
inquiry $inqUIry 47 $inquir%y 35 *inquirey 24
insect $inSect 56 $inseCt 50
inside $insidE 71 *insid 43
insist $inSISt 55 *insest 34 *ensist 21
inspect $inspeCT 53
instance $instAnce 50 $instanCE 66 *instants 26 *instence 18
instant $instAnt 87 *instent 31 *instint 22
instead $instEAd 93 *insted 65
institute $insTITute 85 *instute 30
institution $insTITution 79 *instution 43
instruct $instruCT 78 *instruck 30
instruction $instruCtion 59
instrument $instrUment 84 *instrement 20 *instriment 18 *instrment 14
insult $insUlt 90 *insolt 27 *inselt 25
insurance $insurAnce 95 *insurence 79
intelligence $inteLLigence 26 $intellIgence 47 *intellegence 36 *inteligence 24
intelligent $inteLLigent 95 *intellegent 29
intend $intEND 84
intended $intenDED 71 *intented 23 *intened 21
intention $intenTion 72 *intension 46
interest $intErest 53 $interEST 33 *intrest 34
interested $intErested 48 *intrested 30
interesting $intEResting 87 *intresting 34
interfere $interfERE 82 *interfer 50
interrupt $inteRRupt 92 *interupt 92
interview $interVIEW 99 *interveiw 17 *intervew 14
intimate $intImate 72 $intimAte 80 *intermit 25
into
introduce $intROduce 50 $introduCe 26 *interduce 17
introduction $intROduction 33 $introduCTion 42 *introdution 27
invalid $invAlid 76 $invalId 39 *invilid 32
investigate $investIgate 69 *investagate 44
investigation $investIgation 85 *investagation 51
investment $inveSTment 49
invitation $invItation 79 *invatation 35
invite $invitE 62 *invit 50
invited $Invited 29 *envited 23
invoice $invOICE 96
iron $iROn 93 *iorn 13 *irn 6
ironing $iRONing 96 *irning 31
irrigate $iRRigate 77 $irrIgate 64 *irigate 23 *iragate 15
is *si 39
island $iSland 75 *iland 64
isn't $is%n't 62 *isen't 18 *is'nt 12
issue $iSSue 46 $issUE 50 *isue 31
issued *isued 24
isthmus *ismus 29
it $It 64 *et 44
item $itEM 89
items $itEMs 65 *itims 19
its $iTS 95
it's $iT'S 93
itself $itsELF 70 *itslef 23 *itsself 19
iv'e *i'v 61
ivory $ivOry 40 *ivery 35
jacket $jaCKet 69 *jaket 54
jail *gail 20 *jale 17
jan. $jAN. 58
janitor $janItor 58 $janitOr 56 *janiter 23
january $janUARy 93 *januery 30
jar *jur 14 *gar 10 *gare 10
jaw $jAW 97 *jor 21
jealous $jEAlous 63 $jealOUs 40 *jelous 34
jelly $jeLLy 46 $jellY 31
jewel $jEWEl 96 *jule 24 *jewl 23
jewelry $jeweLRy 96 *jewelery 43 *jewlery 34
job
join $jOIn 88
joined $jOIned 48 $joinED 37 *joind 13 *joned 12
joint $jOInt 81
joke $joKe 84 *jock 37
jolly $joLLy 45 $jollY 26 *joly 32
journal $jOUrnal 66 $journAl 39 *jurnal 23 *journel 20
journey $jOUrney 51 $journEy 46 *journy 19 *jurney 15
joy $Joy 61 *goy 23
judge $juDGe 97 *juge 48
judgment $judg%ment 97 *judgement 82
juice $jUIce 74 $juiCE 84 *juse 39
juicy $jUIcy 67 $juicY 60 *jucy 22 *juicey 13
july *jaly 10
jump $juMp 60 *junp 36
jumped $juMped 32 $jumpED 71 *jumpt 14 *jump 18
jumping $juMping 95 *junping 71
june $junE 75 *jun 33
junior $jUnior 61 $junIOr 88 *juinor 24
jury $jURY 94 *jurry 18
just $JUst 93
justice $justiCe 61 *justise 36
justified $justifIEd 68 *justifyed 29
keen $kEEn 81 *kean 19 *ken 15
keep $KEEp 100 *cep 39
keeping $kEEping 82 *kepping 43
kept *cept 31
kettle $Kettle 42 $kettLE 63 *kettel 19
key $kEY 95 *kee 19 *ke 22
kick $kiCK 81 $kick% 56 *kike 56
kid $Kid 35
kill $Kill 47 $kiLL 25 *cill 18 *kil 10
killed $kiLLed 39 $killED 88 *killd 34 *kild 22
kind $KInd 82 *cind 33
kindergarten $kindergarTen 81 *kindergarden 66
kindest $kindEST 86 *kindes 23
kindly $kinDly 58 *kinly 27
kindness $kindNESS 81
kinds $Kinds 39 $kinDS 59 *kins 29
king $kinG 53
kiss $kiSS 92 *kis 24
kitchen $kiTCHen 81 *kitchen 33
kite $kitE 76 *kit 55
kitten $kittEn 47
knee $Knee 74 $knEE 46 *nee 21
knew $Knew 82 *new 61
knife $Knife 64 $kniFE 46 *nife 32
knit $Knit 81 $knit% 26 *nit 33
knitting $Knitting 82 *nitting 56
knock $Knock 50 $knoCK 60 *nock 25 *knok 16
knocked $Knocked 55 $knoCKed 57 *nocked 20 *knoked 19
knot $Knot 100 $knot% 35 *not 63 *note 35
know $Know 85 $knoW 52 *no 42 *now 35
knowing $Knowing 86 *noing 59
knowledge $knoWledge 61 $knowleDGe 72 *knowlege 17 *knoledge 17
known *none 39
label $labEL 97 *lable 90
labor $labOr 68 *laber 47
laboratory $labOratory 77 *labratory 71
lace $laCe 89 *lase 60
lack $laCK 80 $lack% 61 *lake 39
ladder $laDDer 89 *lader 27 *latter 25
ladies $ladIEs 83 *ladys 44
lady $ladY 82 *lade 26 *ladey 20
laid $lAId 90 $laid% 26 *layed 22 *lade 21
lake $laKE 86 *lak 45
lamb $lamB 84 *lame 37 *lam 29
lame $laME 100 *lane 43
lamp $laMp 67 *lanp 56
land $lAnd 38
language $langUAge 82 *languge 15 *langwage 9
lantern $lantERn 77 *lanturn 29
lap $lAp 45 $lap% 59 *lape 55
large $laRge 53 $largE 43 *lage 29 *larg 15
larger $laRger 65 *lager 49
largest $lARgest 49
last $laST 83 *lat 48
late $lAte 33 $latE 66 *lat 42
lately $latELY 97 *latly 53
later $lATer 95 *latter 52
latter $laTTer 85 *later 45
laugh $laUGH 99 *laf 19
laughed $lAUGHed 73 *lafed 23
laughing $lAUGHing 100 *lafing 58
laundry $lAUNdry 80 $launDRY 45 *landry 18 *loundry 12
law $lAW 97 *lor 23
lawn $lAWn 93 *lown 31
lawyer $laWyer 39 $lawYer 57 *lawer 40
lay $laY 91 *lae 28 *la 24
lazy $laZy 65 *lasy 32
lead $lEAd 92 *led 33
leader $lEAder 61
leading $lEAding 91 *leding 54
leaf $lEAf 38 $leaF% 81 *leave 27 *leafe 13
league *leage 17
leak $lEAK 100 *leek 30 *leack 16
lean $lEAn 84 *len 40
leap $lEAp 93 *leep 50
learn $lEArn 83 *lern 25 *larn 18
learned $lEArned 67 $learnED 43
learning $lEArning 48 $learNing 37 *learing 28 *lerning 24
least $lEAst 75 *lest 50
leather $lEAther 88 $leaTHer 33 *lather 29 *lether 27
leave $lEAve 81 $leaVE 48 *leve 43
leaves $lEAves 70 $leavES 41 *leves 32
leaving $lEAving 79
lecture $leCTure 46 $lecturE 49 *lectur 27
led $lEd 89 *lead 36 *lad 18
left $lEft 40
leg $lEG 100 *lag 25
legal $lEgal 86 $legAL 85 *leagle 28 *leagel 18
legislature $legIslature 78 *legeslature 43
leisure $lEIsure 97 *liesure 33 *leasure 21
lemon $lEmon 49 $lemOn 62 *lemen 25 *leamon 23
lemonade $lemOnade 73 *lemenade 22 *lemanade 14
lend $lEnd 68 $len%d 24 *leand 35
length $lenGTH 92 *lenth 29 *lenght 20
less $lESS 100 *lest 20 *lase 10
lesson $leSSon 45 $lessOn 75 *leson 10 *lessen 20
lessons $lesSOns 97 *lessens 28 *lesons 18
let $lEt 80 *lat 50
letter $leTTer 49 $lettER 47 *leter 20
letters $leTTers 40 $lettERs 56
letting $leTTing 94 *leting 83
lettuce $lettUCE 93
level $lEvel 50 $levEL 45 *leavel 19
liable $lIAble 86 *lieable 28 *lyable 26
liberty $libERty 66
library $libRARy 94 *libary 24 *libery 15
license $liCense 46 $licenSe 94 *licence 36 *lisence 18
lick $liCK 92 $lick% 31 *lik 41 *like 23
lid $lId 100 *led 100
lie $lIE 100 *lay 34
lies $lIEs 81 $lies% 51 *lise 32
lieutenant $lIEUtenant 79 $lieutenAnt 34 *lieutenent 12 *leutenant 8
life $liFE 98 *lif 34
lift $lIFt 82 *left 45
light $liGHt 88 *lite 20 *lit 12
lightning $liGHtning 41 $lightNing 65 *lighting 49
like $liKE 72 *lik 39
liked $liKED 100 *licked 17 *likt 15
likely $likEly 100 *likly 76
likes $liKEs 96 *liks 45
lilies $liLIEs 99 *lillies 34 *lilys 29
lily $liLY 91 *lilly 63
limb $limB 96 *lim 60 *lime 33
lime $liME 95 *line 64
limit $limIt 60 *limet 36
limited $limiTed 88 *limitted 88
limp $liMp 54 *linp 31
line $linE 93 *lin 59
linen $lINEn 100 *linnen 27 *linin 43
lines $linES 93 *lins 49
lining $liNing 51 $lin%ing 37 *linning 51 *lineing 33
lion $lIOn 95
lip $lIp 77 *lep 48
liquid $lIQUId 82 *liqued 12 *liquide 8 *licquid 7
liquor $liQUOR 99 *licker 15
list $lIst 68 *lest 40
listen $lIsten 35 $lisTen 64 *lisen 15 *lesson 12
literary $litERAry 88
literature $litERAture 98 *literiture 21 *literture 19
little $littLE 86 *littl 21
live $lIve 44 $livE 60 *liv 23
lived $livED 92 *livd 44
lively $livELY 87 *livly 34
lives $liVEs 93 *livs 28 *lifes 21
living $liv%ing 96 *liveing 96
load $lOAd 85 $load% 58 *lode 37
loaf $lOAf 93 $loaf% 93 *lofe 86
loan $lOAn 93 $loan% 74 *lone 65
local $loCAL 93 *locol 17 *lockel 13
locate $locatE 65 *locat 30
located $loCated 67
location $locAtion 53 *loction 23
lock $lOck 90 $loCk 42 *loack 40
lodge $loDGe 80 *loge 44
log $lOg 71 *lag 28 *loge 17
lonely $lonEly 100 *lonly 67
lonesome $lonEsome 57 *lonsome 33 *lomesome 21
long $lOng 83 *lang 18
longer $loNger 54 $longER 28 *loger 36
look $lOOk 91 *lak 23 *loak 20
looked $lookED 92 *lookt 50
looking $lOOking 59 *loking 32
looks $look%s 59 *lookes 45
loose $lOOse 72 *lose 60
lose $lOSe 89 *loose 73
losing $lOsing 28 $los%ing 92 *loseing 52
loss $loSS 100 $loss% 81 *lose 77
lost $lOSt 81
lot $lOt 65
lots $loTS 83 *lotes 19
loud $lOUd 82 $loud% 39 *lowd 36 *lode 32
lovable $lov%able 90 *loveable 86
love $lOve 84
loved $lOved 34 $lovEd 75 *lovd 45
lovely $lovELY 97 *lovly 45
loving $lov%ing 95 *loveing 86
low $lOW 97 *lo 39
lower $lOWer 94 *louer 26
lowest $loWest 73 *loest 50
luck $lUck 91 *lock 36
lucky $luCKy 47 $luckY 63 *luckey 14 *luky 13
lumber $lUMber 81 *lomber 22 *luber 13
lump $lUmp 54 $luMp 34 *lomp 30 *lunp 18
lunch $lUnch 53
luncheon $lunchEOn 82 *lunchen 29 *lunchon 26
lying $lYIng 100 *lieing 36
machine $maCHine 48 $machinE 48
machinery $mAchinery 19 $machinEry 44 *machinary 22
mad $Mad 41 $mad% 45 *nad 31 *made 24
madam $madam% 40 *madame 38
made $madE 48 *mad 27
magazine $magAzine 81 *magizine 40
magnificent $magnific%ent 72 *magnificient 69
maid $mAId 64 $maid% 64 *made 44
mail $mAIl 98 $mail% 32 *mall 21 *male 15
main $mAIn 52 $main% 92 *mane 36 *maine 35
maintain $mAIntain 70 $maintAIn 28 *mantain 53
majority $maJORIty 99
make $maKE 74 *mak 32
makes $maKes 39 $makEs 54 *maks 46
making $mak%ing 77 *makeing 73
mama $mAma 54 $mamA 48 *moma 20 *mamma 16
man
manage $manAge 78 *mange 45
management $manAgement 47 $managEment 75 *managment 46
manager $manAger 78 *manger 29 *maneger 19
manner $maNNer 89 *maner 74
manners $maNNers 75 *maners 58
manual $manUAl 97 *manuel 84
manufacture $manUfacture 45 $manufactURE 38 *manafacture 17
manufacturing $manufactUring 54 *manufactoring 17
many $mAny 52 $manY 52 *meny 20
map $maP 29 $map% 68 *mape 57
maple $maPle 29 $mapLE 65 *mapel 30
marble $marbLE 72 *marbel 48
march $maRch 43 $marCH 52 *mach 33
march $mARch 88 *mach 62
margin $margIn 82 *margain 34 *margen 28
mark $maRK 62
marked $markED 72 *markt 15
market $markET 52
marriage $marrIAge 96 *marrige 43
married $marrIEd 84 *marred 35
marry $maRRy 38 $marrY 51 *mary 32 *marrie 19
marvelous $marvELous 74 *marvalous 26 *marvellous 26
masculine $maSCuline 29 $masculinE 68 *masculin 24
mask $maSK 94 *mast 26 *masked 20
mass $maSS 100 *mas 52
master *mater 17
mat $mat% 45 *mate 45 *nat 21
match $maTCH 100 *mach 51
mate $matE 88 *mat 44
material *matieral 20
matter $maTTer 81 *mater 36 *matr 19
may $mAY 84
may *nay 36
maybe $maYbe 63 *mabe 37
mayor $maYor 30 $mayOR 75 *mayer 39
me
meadow $mEAdow 91 *medow 62
meal $mEAl 98 *mell 18 *mel 12
mean $mEAn 93
means $mEAns 70 $mean%s 49
meant $mEAnt 90 *ment 80
meantime $mEAntime 86 *mentime 43
measure $mEAsure 80 *mesure 18
meat $mEAt 69 *meet 67
medal $mEdal 32 $medAL 99 *medle 29 *medel 20
medical $medicAl 92 *medical 47
medicine $medICINE 100 *medicen 21 *medicene 15
medium $medIUm 92 *mediam 19
meet $mEEt 100 *meat 43 *met 30
meeting $mEEting 71 *meating 43 *meetting 29
melon $mELon 76 $melOn 21 *mellon 59
melt $mElt 79 *malt 38
member $meMber 77 *menber 47
members $meMbers 76 *menbers 34
memorandum $memorandUm 88 *memorandom 40
memory $memOry 62 *memery 33
men $mEn 98 *man 60
mend $mEND 92
mention $menTION 81
mentioned $menTioned 57 $mentionED 57
merchandise $merchanDise 38 $merchandiSe 67 *merchandize 48
merchant $mErchant 48 $merchAnt 67 *merchent 27
mercy $mErcy 60 $merCY 64
mere $mERE 100 *mear 58
merely $mEREly 97 *merly 27 *mearly 36
merit $meRIt 82 *merrit 59
merry $mErry 87 $meRRy 40 *marry 45
mess $mESS 94 *mes 25
message $meSSage 45 $messAge 46 *mesage 22
met $mEt 77 *mat 28
metal $mETal 39 $metAL 75 *metel 17 *metle 12
method $mEthod 30 $methOd 78 *methed 24
mice $miCe 75 *mise 58
middle $miDDle 77 *midle 51
midnight $miDNight 70
midst $miDST 99 *mist 31
might $miGHT 100 *mite 46
mighty $miGHTy 72 $mightY 31 *mity 17 *mitty 11
mild $mil%d 94 *miled 69
mile $miLE 90 *mill 58
miles $milEs 89 *mils 34 *mills 32
military $milItary 68 *milatary 29
milk $miLk 42 $milk% 72 *milke 40 *mike 24
mill $Mill 36 $milL 49 *nill 26 *mil 21
millinery $millInery 58 $millinEry 65 *millinary 39
million $millIOn 89 *millon 44
mind $miNd 40 $mind% 43 *minde 22 *mide 21
mine $minE 90 *mind 25 *min 17
mineral $minERAl 69
mining $miNing 74 *minning 68
minister $minIster 83 *minster 33 *minester 29
minute $mInute 31 $minUte 80 *minite 17 *minit 10
minutes $minUtes 61 $minutEs 74 *minuts 23 *minits 21
mirror $mirrOR 88 *mirrow 34
mischief $mischIEf 78 *mischeif 30
miserable $misERAble 81
misery $miSEry 84 *missery 24 *misary 24
miss $mISS 92 *mis 41 *mrs 20
miss $miSS 54 *mis 35 *mess 24
missed $miSSed 89 $missED 64 *mist 39
missionary $miSSionary 68 $missIOnary 53
mist $miST 92 *missed 54
mistake $miStake 55 $mistaKE 30 *misstake 39
mistaken $miStaken 44 *misstaken 42
mistress $miStress 88 *misstress 87
mix $mIX 93 *miks 20 *mics 13
mixed $miXED 94 *mixt 23
model $modEL 88 *modle 47
modern $moDERn 89 *moden 19 *morden 11
modest $modEst 68 *modist 45
moisture $mOIsture 82 *mosture 33
moment $moMent 57 *monent 24
monday $mONday 100 *munday 42
money $monEY 91 *mony 42
monkey $monkEY 69 *monky 46
month $mONth 97 *moth 39
months $month%s 46 *monthes 37
monument $mONUment 81
mood $mOOd 89 $mood% 65 *mode 25 *mude 21
moon $mOOn 64 *mon 38
moonlight $mOOnlight 59 *monlight 36
moral $morAL 79 *morrow 32
more $morE 84 *mor 59
morning $moRNing 76 *moring 31
mortal $mortAL 90 *mortle 33
mortgage $morTGage 99 *morgage 72
most $mOst 71 *mast 22 *moast 17
mostly $mostLY 78 *mostley 42
mother $moTHer 46 *moter 35
motion $moTION 89 *moshen 17
motor $motOr 92 *moter 68
mountain $mOUntain 47 $mountAIn 84 *mountian 11
mouse $mOUse 81
mouth $mOUth 94 *moth 33
move $mOve 66 $movE 44
moved $movED 72 *movd 37
movement $movEment 79 *movment 47
moving $mov%ing 67 *moveing 45
mr. $mR. 96 *mis. 18 *mrs. 16
mrs. $mRS. 100 *miss 49
much $mUch 42 $muCH 55 *mush 20 *mach 11
mud $mUd 71 *mad 19
muddy $mUDDY 100 *mudy 21
mule $mULE 100
murder $mURder 88 *muder 47 *merder 29
murmur $murmUr 91 *murmer 77
museum $musEUm 95 *musem 21 *museam 17
music $muSIC 96 *muic 17 *muice 17
musical $musICAL 85
musician $musICIAn 100 *musican 24
muslin $muSlin 63 *musslin 21 *muzlin 21
must $mUst 94 *most 24 *mast 13
mutual $mutUAL 84 *mutal 29 *mutural 16
my $mY 72 *mi 36 *ny 21
myself $mysELF 76
mysterious $mYsterious 68 $mysterIOUs 48 *misterious 27
nail $nAIl 91 $nail% 33 *nale 22
name $Name 38 $namE 60 *mane 27 *nam 21
named $Named 23 $namED 83 *namd 30 *name 30
namely $namEly 76 *namly 38 *mainly 24
names $Names 45 $namES 55 *nams 33 *manes 24
nap $Nap 57 $nAp 30 *map 40
narrow $nArrow 71 *norrow 30
nation $naTION 86
national $naTIONAL 98
native $natiVE 74
natural $naturAl 66 *natureal 25
naturally $naturaLLy 74 *naturaly 29 *naturely 17
nature $naTURE 88 *nacher 17
naughty $nAUghty 68 $nauGHty 61 *nauty 15
navy $naVY 79 *navey 30
near $nEAr 60 $near% 32 *ner 22
nearest $nEArest 48 $nearEst 54 *nerest 26 *nearst 24
nearly $nEArly 38 $neaRLY 66 *nealy 9
neat $nEAt 98 *net 51
necessary $neCessary 90 $neceSSary 73 *nessery 14 *nessary 12
necessity $neCessity 91 $neceSSity 54 *nessesity 15 *neccesity 13
neck $nEck 87 *nack 39
necktie $nECKtie 94
need $nEEd 86 *ned 43
needed $nEEded 79 *neaded 30
needle $nEEdle 70 $neeDLE 74 *nedle 10 *neddle 10
neglect $neGlect 38 $negleCT 49 *neclect 16 *neglet 15
negro $negro% 83 *negrow 70
neighbor $nEIghbor 50 $neiGHbor 75 *neibor 22 *nabor 11
neighborhood $nEIghborhood 44 $neiGHborhood 56 $neighbOrhood 43 *naborhood 15 *neiborhood 13
neither $nEIther 90 *niether 32 *neather 25
nephew $nePHEW 90 *nefue 28
nerve $nErve 63 *nurve 30 *nearve 19
nervous $nervOUS 88 *nerves 21 *nervious 19
nest $nEst 91 *nast 42
net $nEt 64
never $nEver 56 *naver 14
nevertheless $neverTHEless 60 *neverless 26 *neverthless 25
new $nEw 60 $neW 28 *now 34 *neu 18
news $nEWs 82
newspaper $newspaPer 39 *newspapper 24 *newpaper 15
next $neXt 61 *nest 20
nice $Nice 36 $niCE 61 *mice 27 *nise 25
nicely $nicELY 62 *nicly 19 *micely 13
nickel $nickEL 79 *nickle 51
niece $nIEce 92 *neice 70
night $niGHt 93 $night% 36 *nite 16
nine $ninE 85 *nin 67
nineteen $ninEteen 64 $ninetEEn 34 *ninteen 35
ninety $ninETY 100 *ninty 73
ninth $nin%th 50 *nineth 50
no
noble $nobLE 69 *nobel 28
nobody $nobODy 59 *nobudy 24
noise $nOIse 89 *nose 57
noisy $noisY 95 *noise 30 *noisee 25
none $nOne 26 $nonE 86 *non 40
nonsense $nonsenSE 83 *nonsence 47
noon $nOOn 83 *non 31
nor $nor% 71 *nore 31
normal $normAl 61 *normel 26
north $nORth 90 *noth 31
northern $northERN 67 *northen 45
nose $nOse 67
not $NOt 100 *nat 38 *mot 34
note $nOte 48 $notE 81 *noat 33 *not 21
noted $noTED 84 *notted 24
notes $notEs 81 *nots 54
nothing $nOthing 34 $noTHing 42 *noting 20
notice $notICE 98 *notest 30 *notes 20
noticed $notICED 97
notify $notIfy 46 $notifY 68 *notife 22
notion $noTIOn 98
nourish $nOUrish 89 *norish 56
nov.
november $novEMber 81
now $nOW 93 *nou 30
number $nUMber 89 *nomber 15 *nober 11 *nuber 11
numbers $nUMbers 69 *nubers 21
numerous $numEROUS 80 *numorous 24
nurse $nUrse 40 $nurSE 60
nut $nUt 85 *not 28
oak $oAk 100 $oak% 60 *oke 60
oatmeal $oAtmeal 74
oats $oAst 83 *ots 24 *outs 21
obedient $obEdient 39 $obedIEnt 90 *obediant 30 *obedent 18
obey $obEy 84 *obay 50
object $obJECT 80
objection $Objection 36 *abjection 21
obligation $oblIgation 68 *oblegation 24
oblige $obli%ge 34 *oblidge 34
obliged $obliGed 55 *oblidged 26
observation $obsErvation 25 $observAtion 55 *observeation 25
observe $obsERVE 97 *obsirve 27
obtain $OBtain 63 *optain 18 *uptain 17
obtained $OBtained 61 $obtAIned 35
occasion $oCCasion 22 $occaSion 74 *occassion 56
occasionally $occaSionally 48 $occasionaLLy 54
occupied $oCCupied 72 *ocupied 31
occupy $oCCupy 43 $occupY 36 *ocupy 25 *occupie 13
occur $oCCur 60 $occur% 43
occurred $Occurred 27 $occuRRed 92 *occured 62
ocean $oCEAn 95 *ocen 25 *ochen 17
o'clock $O'Clock 75 *oclock 30
oct.
october $octOber 40 *octber 20
odd *ard 49
odor $odOr 84 *oder 62
of *af 29
off $oFF 100 *of 59
offer $oFFer 77 *ofer 32
offered $offerEd 49 *offerd 37
offering $offEring 62 *offoring 45
office $oFFice 33 $offiCE 53 *ofice 31
officer $ofFICER 100 *oficer 22
officers $offICErs 80 *offercers 18
official $officIAl 78 *offical 59
often $oFTen 90 *offen 52
oh *o 47
oil *oll 25
old $Old 54 *ald 37
older $oldER 96 *oldr 33
omit $omit% 38 *omite 27
omitted $omiTTed 89 *omited 80
on *an 30
once $onCE 85
one $oNE 94 *ome 32
ones $onES 88
onion $onIOn 84 *onin 19
only $onLY 67 *onle 25
open $opEN 84 *opin 25 *opne 14
opened $openED 94 *opend 57 *opent 24
opening $opeNing 73
opera $opERA 97 *opra 26
operate $oPerate 92 *opperate 72
operation $oPeration 74 *opperation 53
opinion $opINion 62 *opion 23 *opinon 10
opportunity $oppOrtunity 77 *oppertunity 32
oppose $Oppose 58 $oPPose 52 *opose 35 *appose 35
opposite $oppOsite 74 *oppisite 28
opposition $oPPosition 46 $opposITion 47 *oposition 24 *opposion 16
or *our 28
orange $orANge 74 *ornge 16 *orang 10
orchard $orchARd 70 *orched 24 *orcherd 14
orchestra $orCHestra 29 $orchestRA 48 *orchester 38
order $oRder 59 *oder 27
ordered $oRdered 30 $orderEd 46 *orderd 41
orders $oRders 52 $ordERs 48 *oders 43
ordinarily $ordinarILy 96 *ordinarally 29 *ordinarilly 18
ordinary $ordInary 73 $ordinAry 36 *ordenary 19 *ordinery 13
organ $oRgan 28 $orgAn 86 *orgen 26
organization $orgAnization 40 $organIzation 69 *organazation 50 *orginization 25
organize $orgAnize 65 $organiZe 36 *orginize 29 *organise 22
organized $orgAnized 93 *orginized 60
original $orIginal 35 $origInal 55 *origanal 17 *original 15
originally $origInally 64 $originaLLy 29 *origanally 29 *originaly 14
orphan *ophan 24
other $othER 47
others $othERs 25 $otherS 40 *other 38
otherwise
ought $OUght 61 $ouGHt 65 *out 22
our $OUr 91 *hour 14
ours $OUrs 81
ourselves $oursELVES 88 *ourselfs 32
out $OUt 87 *aut 18 *owt 16
outfit $outfIt 49 *outfet 20 *outfite 17
outline
outside $OUtside 40 $outsidE 68 *outsid 44
oven $ovEn 41
over $oVer 55 *ower 29
overcoat $ovERcoat 31 $overcOAt 79 *overcote 18 *overcot 15
owe $oWE 100
owing $ow%ing 91 *oweing 70
owl $oWL 100 *olw 35 *oul 21
own $oWn 99 $own% 51 *one 29 *oun 16
owned $oWned 72 $ownED 58 *oned 23
owner $oWner 63 *oner 26 *onwer 19
oyster $oYster 80 *oster 27 *oister 17
pack $paCK 80 $pack% 43 *pake 33
package $paCKage 49 $packAge 45 *packege 22 *pakage 17
packing $paCKing 93 *paking 73
page $paGE 94 *pag 32
pages $pagEs 71 *pagis 59
paid $pAId 96 $paid% 51 *pade 38
pail $pAIl 81 $pail% 56 *pale 56
pain $pAIn 66 $pain% 55 *pane 48
paint $pAInt 93 *pant 46
painted $pAInted 83 *panted 43
painting $pAInting 74 *panting 47
pair $pAIr 98 $pair% 28 *pear 46
palace $pAlace 48 $palAce 58 *place 28
palm $pALm 71 *parm 33
pamphlet $pamPHLet 78 *pamflet 24
pan $pAn 80 *pen 48
pantry $pantRY 94 *pantree 27 *pantrey 23
papa $pApa 43 $papA 89 *papy 18
paper $papER 78 *papr 27
parade $pArade 97 *prade 48
paragraph $parAgraph 37 $paragraPH 51 *paragraf 21
parallel $parAllel 60 *parellel 28 *paralell 19
parcel $parCEl 96 *parsel 33
pardon $pardOn 92 *parden 75
parent $pArent 52 $parEnt 48 *perent 39
parents $pArents 46 $parEnts 48
park $pArk 45 $parK 41 *parck 31
parliament $parlIAment 90 *parliment 52
parlor $paRlor 56 $parlOr 52 *palor 21
part $parT 37 *pard 17
partial $parTIAL 100 *parcial 36
particular $pArticular 49 $particuLAR 47 *particuliar 18 *piticular 10
particularly $particULARLY 93 *particulary 39
parties $partIEs 100 *partys 69
partly $partLY 69 *partley 39
partner $part%ner 42 *partener 31
party *parte 20
pass $paSS 95 $pass% 20 *pas 52
passed $pasSED 96 *past 43
passenger $paSSenger 28 $passEnger 67 *passanger 41
passing $paSSing 87 *pasing 55
past $paST 100 *passed 61
paste $pasTE 95 *past 68
pastor $pastOR 97 *paster 64
pasture $pasTURE 82 *paster 27 *pastur 18
pat $patE 65 *pate 65
patch $paTCH 91 *pacth 52
patent $paTENT 100 *pattent 32 *patient 21
path $paTH 81 *pathe 31
patience $patIEnce 42 $patienCE 73 *patients 32
patient $patIEnt 84 *patiant 14
pattern $paTTern 64 *patern 39
pause $pAUSE 100 *paws 32
pave $paVE 83
pavement $pavEment 77 *pavment 69
paw $pAW 97 *por 27 *pow 17
pay $pAY 100 *pae 41
payable $payABLE 94 *payble 23 *payible 23
paying $paYIng 92 *paing 46
payment $paYment 64 *pament 39
peace $pEAce 61 $peaCE 44 *pease 27 *pice 13
peach $pEAch 76 *pech 21
peaches $pEAches 51 $peachES 36 *peches 34
peanut $pEAnut 68 *penut 32
pear $pEAr 100 $pear% 33 *pair 56 *pare 33
pearl $pEArl 69
peas $pEAS 91 *pes 27
peculiar $peculIAr 70 *pecular 41
peep $pEEp 100 *pep 50 *peap 30
pen $pEn 87 *pan 44
pencil $pencIL 88 *pencle 19
penny $peNNy 57 $pennY 67 *penney 30 *peny 21
people $pEOple 96 *pople 20
pepper $pePPer 90 *peper 70
per $pER 84
per_cent $per_Cent 51 *persent 36
perfect $pERfect 41 $perfEct 32 *perfact 14
perfectly $perfEctly 48 $perfecTLY 40 *perfactly 34
performance $performAnce 59 *performence 33
perfume $pErfume 42 $perfUME 44 *purfume 36
perhaps $pERhaps 59 $perhap%s 41 *perhapes 24
period $pEriod 36 $perIOd 85 *peroid 17
permanent $permAnent 53 $permanEnt 42 *permanant 28 *permenant 20
permission $pERmission 60 $permiSSion 87 *premision 40
permit $permIt 48 *permet 25 *permite 18
person $pErson 59 $persOn 48 *persen 16
personal $persOnal 40 $personAL 82 *personel 16 *personly 11
personality $personALIty 81 *personalty 23
persuade $persUAde 78 *perswade 28 *pursuade 20
pet $pEt 100 *pat 70
phone $PHone 74 $phonE 37 *fone 30
photograph $photOgraph 58 $photograPH 34 *photagraph 22
phrase $PHrase 74 $phraSe 60 *fraze 47
physical $phYSIcal 96 *phisical 39
physician $phYsician 59 $physicIAn 60 *phisician 12
piano $pIAno 94 *paino 30
pick $piCK 92
picked $piCKed 59 $pickED 82
pickle $piCKle 36 $pickLE 52 *pickel 36
picnic $piCnic 84 $picniC 73 *picknick 27
picture $piCTure 72 $pictURE 71 *picher 12
pictures $piCTures 64 $picturEs 84 *picturs 29
pie $pIE 100 *piy 33
piece $pIEce 99 *peice 43
pieces $pIEces 87 *peices 18
pierce $pIErce 100 *peirce 40
pig $pIg 77 *pag 20
pigeon $pigEOn 97 *pigen 28
pile $piLE 91 *pill 48
pillow $piLLow 62 $pilloW 32 *pilow 30
pin $pIn 87
pine $pinE 100 *pin 71
pink $pINk 81
pint
pipe $pipE 71 *piper 21 *pip 16
pitch $piTCH 91 *pich 26 *picth 16
pitcher $piTCHer 97 *picture 25 *picther 24
pitfiful $pitIful 66 $pitifUL 56 *pityful 23 *pitifull 16
pity $piTy 68 *pitty 40
place $plaCE 73 *plase 32 *plas 21
placed $plaCED 88 *plased 26
places $plaCes 79 *plases 43
plain $plAIn 87 $plain% 51 *plane 29 *plan 20
plan $plAn 38 $plan% 58 *plain 55
plane $plAne 82 $planE 85 *plain 74
plank $planK 64 *planck 64
planned $plaNNed 100 *planed 62
planning $plaNNing 100 *planing 87
plant $plaNt 54 *plat 36
planted $plANted 53
plate $platE 95 *plat 66
platform $plat%form 29 $platfORm 29 *plateform 22 *platforn 18
play $pLay 80 *pay 25
played $plaYED 93
playing $plaYing 61 *plaing 24
pleasant $pleasAnt 81 *pleasent 64
please $plEase 58 $pleasE 57 *pleas 29
pleased $plEAsed 50 *plesed 30
pleasing $pleas%ing 82 *pleaseing 69
pleasure $plEAsure 72 *plesure 19
pledge $plEDGe 99 *plege 25 *pleage 16
plenty $plEnty 79 *pleanty 25
plow $plOW 95 *plowe 33
plum $plUm 91 *plam 36 *plom 33
plus $plUS 63 $plus% 51 *pluse 28
pneumonia $Pneumonia 75 $pnEUmonia 84
pocket $poCKet 77 *poket 14
poem $pOEm 91 $poem% 34 *pome 18 *peom 12
poetry $poETRY 100
point $pOInt 97 *pont 51
poison $pOIson 56 $poisOn 90 *poisen 30 *posion 23
pole $polE 81 *poll 24
police $polICE 100
policeman $policEman 64 *policman 41
policy $polIcy 55 *polocy 22 *polisy 14
polish $polISH 53
polite $poliTE 68 *polight 30 *polit 19
political $polITIcal 76
politics $politic%s 71 *politices 67
pond $pOnd 76 *pand 23
pony $ponY 87 *pone 53
pool $pOOl 88 $pool% 57 *pole 31
poor $pOOr 97 *por 31
popular $popULar 83 *populer 21
population $pOpulation 35 $popUlation 43 *poplation 16
porch $pORch 73 *parch 13 *porth 7
pork $pORk 68 *prok 23
portion $porTION 75
position $poSItion 77 *postion 23
positive $poSItive 96 *possitive 49
positively $positivELY 84 *positivly 53
possess $poSSess 66 $posseSS 46 *posses 26 *posess 24 *poses 22
possession $poSSession 51 $posseSSion 62 *possesion 41 *posession 23
possibility $poSSibility 66 *posibility 66
possible $posSIble 88 *possable 26 *posible 14
possibly $possibLY 70 *possible 41
post $pOst 67 *past 42
postage $postAGE 76
postal $postAL 94 *postel 41
post_office *postoffice 64
postpone $posTPone 69 $postpoNE 52 *postphone 23 *pospone 17
pot $pOt 83 *pat 57
potato $pOtato 48 *potatoe 28 *poatato 24
potatoes $pOtatoes 34 $potatOEs 70 *potatos 29
poultry $pOUltry 87 *poltry 23 *poletree 13
pound $pOUnd 94 *pond 53
pounds $pOUnds 81 *ponds 69
pour $pOUr 95 $pour% 41 *pore 33
powder $poWDer 89 *pouder 30 *power 24
power $poWER 94 *pour 36
practical $practICAL 88 *practicle 21 *practial 19
practically $practicAlly 35 $practicaLLy 46 *practicaly 30
practice $praCtice 26 $practiCE 84 *practise 46
prairies $prAIries 65 $prairIEs 84 *prares 19 *praires 17
praise $prAIse 55 $praiSE 63 *prais 20
pray $prAY 98
prayer $praYER 94 *pray 30 *prair 15
preach $prEAch 75 *prech 34
preacher $prEAcher 57 *precher 30 *preature 16
precious $preCIOUS 91 *presious 22
prefer $prefER 45 $preferE 49 *prefere 29 *prefur 17
prejudice $pre%judice 79 *predjudice 36
premiliminary $prelimInary 74 $preliminAry 23 *prelimanary 33
premium $premIUm 97 *premeum 19
preparation $prepAration 88 *preperation 65
prepare $prepARE 90 *prepair 45
prepared $prepAred 70 *prepaired 21 *prepard 14
preparing $prepAring 58 *prepairing 46
presence $presenCe 85 *presense 52
present $prEsent 52 $presEnt 46 *preasent 23
presents
preserve $presERve 69 $preserVE 39 *preseve 17
president $presIdent 71 *presedent 15
press $prEss 69 $preSS 50 *prass 26
presume $preSUME 85 *presum 26
pretend $preTEND 60
prettiest $prEttiest 42 $pretTIEST 58 *prettest 15
pretty $prEtty 73 $preTTy 53 *preety 23 *pritty 12
prevent $pREvent 75 *pervent 27
previous $prevIOUS 93 *preveous 22
price $priCE 80 *prise 27
pride $prIDE 95 *prid 20 *pried 25
priest $prIEst 97 *preist 43
primary $primAry 83 *primery 54
prince $prInce 37 $prinCE 59
principal $princIpal 37 $principAL 63 *principle 16 *princible 12
principle $principLE 89 *principal 70
print $prInt 76 *prent 32
printed $prINted 74 *prented 22
printing $prINting 76 *prenting 18 *priting 14
prior $prIOr 100 *prier 26 *priar 26
prison $prIson 56 $prisON 56 *preson 21 *prision 14
prisoner $prisONer 82
private $privAte 80 *privite 40
privilege $privIlege 48 $privile%ge 82 *privilage 21 *priviledge 17
prize $priZe 90 *prise 70
probable $proBable 37 $probABLE 66
probably $proBABly 90 *probly 17 *probaly 12
problem $proBlem 41 $problEM 62
proceed $proCEED 90 *procceed 39 *procede 23
procession $proCession 81 $proceSSion 56 *prosession 15
procure $proCURE 86 *proqure 22
produce $prOduce 40 $produCe 53 *produse 44
product $prodUct 58 *prodect 20
production $produCTion 66
profession $proFession 71 $profeSSion 73 *proffesion 36
professional $proFessional 55 $profeSSional 64 *proffesional 36
professor $proFessor 66 $profeSSor 38 $professOR 36 *proffessor 28 *proffesor 24 *professer 21
profit $proFIt 85 *profet 39
profitable $profitAble 51
program $progRAm 54 *program 25
progress $proGRess 73 *progess 26 *proggress 21
promise $promisE 60 *promis 40
promised $promISED 94 *promest 28 *promist 24
promote $promotE 77 *promot 54
promotion $pROmotion 35 $promOtion 40 *permotion 23 *promition 13
prompt $promPT 82 *promt 51
promptly $promPTly 80 *promtly 44
pronounce $pronOUnce 46 $pronouNce 27 *prounce 18 *pronouce 12 *prononce 12
proof $prOOf 90 $prooF 71 *proff 22 *prove 21
proper $proPer 69 *propper 52
properly $propERLY 84
property $propERty 76 *propety 21 *propity 16
proportion $propORtion 70 *propotion 20
propose $pROpose 43 *perpose 30 *proppose 26
proposed
proposition $proPOSition 58 *propostion 24
prospect $proSpect 62 *propect 46
prosperous $prosperOUS 78 *prosperious 15 *prosperes 8
protect $proTECT 79
protection $protECtion 68 *protaction 16 *proction 12 *protecktion 11
proud $prOUd 66 *prowd 42
prove $prOve 63 $provE 59
proved $prOved 58 *prooved 3
provide $provIDE 80 *provid 18 *provied 15
provided $provIDEd 63 *provied 42
provision $proviSion 80 *provission 33
public $puBlic 55 $publiC 40 *publick 10 *puplic 18
publication $publiCAtion 58
publish
published $puBlished 57 *puplished 43
pudding $puDDing 79 *putting 37 *puding 19
puff $puFF 76 *puf 48 *poff 24
pull $pUll 80 *pall 26
pulled $pUlled 69 $pullEd 86
pulse $pULse 72 *pluse 44
pump $pUMp 85 *pomp 50
pumpkin $puMPkin 94 *pumkin 52
punish $pUnish 35 $puniSH 39
pupil $pulIL 97 *puple 48 *pupile 31
puppy $puPPy 78 *pupy 78
purchase $pUrchase 56 $purchASE 59 *perchase 21
purchased $pUrchased 59 *perchased 25
pure $pUre 64 $purE 84 *pur 30
purple $puRple 46 $purpLE 45 *puple 20
purpose $pUrpose 62 $purpOse 52 *perpose 25
purse $pUrse 57 $purSE 56 *purce 25 *perse 18
pursue $pUrsue 100 *persue 90
push $pUsh 60 $puSH 74 *puch 26
put $pUt 90 *pot 33
putting $puTTing 92 *puting 92
puzzle $puzzLE 86 *puzzel 51
quality $quALIty 93
quantity $quanTity 72 *quanity 42
quarrel $qUArrel 51 $quarrEL 54
quart $qUArt 42 $quaRt 71 *quat 29
quarter $quaRter 81 *quater 78
quartet $quArtet 38 $quartET 65
queen $qUeen 68 *qeen 22
queer $quEEr 77 $queer% 26 *quear 17 *quire 12
question $qUEstion 65 $questIOn 62 *qustion 12 *queston 8
questions $qUEstions 66 $questIOns 53 *qustions 16
quick $quiCK 69 *quite 13 *quck 9 *quik 8
quickly $quiCKly 46 $quickLY 46 *quickley 23
quiet $quIEt 91 $quiet% 65 *quite 59
quietly $quIEtly 79 *quitly 32 *quitely 20
quilt *cwilt 25
quinine $quinINE 73
quit $quIt 31 $quit% 77 *quite 69
quite $qUIte 44 $quitE 81 *quit 37
quotation $qUOtation 47 $quoTAtion 49 *quotion 27
quote $qUOte 52 $quotE 79 *quot 31
rabbit $raBBit 59 $rabbIt 49 *rabit 22
race $raCE 74 *rase 41
rack $raCK 59 *rake 27 *wrack 20
radio $rAdio 72 $radIO 78 *raido 46
radish $raDIsh 81 *raddish 38
rag $raG 61
rail $rAIl 72 $rail% 72 *rale 47
railroad $rAIlroad 36 $railrOAd 57 *railrode 26
railway $rAIlway 79 *ralway 27
rain $rAIn 100 *ran 21 *rane 18
rained $rAIned 61 $rainED 89 *raind 36 *rand 30
raining $rAIning 93 *raning 51
rainy $rainY 89 *rainey 25
raise $rAIse 79 *rase 52
raised $rAIsed 86 *rased 43
raising $rAISing 100 *rasing 45
rake $raKE 92 *rack 69
ran $rAn 100 *run 35
ranch $ranCH 51
rang $rAng 88 *ring 30 *raing 24
range $rAnge 40 $ranGE 66
rank $rank% 49 *ranke 46
rapid $raPId 90 *raped 16
rapidly $rapIdly 64 *rapedly 27
rat $rAt 80 *ret 40
rate $rAte 57 $ratE 55 *rait 18
rather $raTHer 41 $rathER 38
rattle $raTTle 80 *ratle 33
raw $rAW 100 *row 27 *rore 14
reach $rEAch 82 *rech 41
reached $rEAched 64 $reachED 61 *reched 22
reaching $rEAching 68 *reching 36
read $rEAd 79 $read% 37 *red 17 *reed 12
reader $rEAder 58 *reder 32
readily $readILY 69 *readly 29 *redily 27
reading $rEAding 89 *reding 23
ready $rEAdy 87 *rede 18 *redy 14
real $rEAl 86 *reel 31
realize $rEAlize 79 *relize 36
really $reaLLY 91 *realy 78
reason $rEAson 100 *reson 90
reasonable $rEAsonable 94 *resonable 58
reasons $rEAsons 100 *resons 62
rebel $rebEL 100 *rebell 80
recall $recALL 90 *recoll 31
receipt $recEIpt 76 *reciept 38
receive $recEIve 93 *recieve 58
received $recEIved 85 *recieved 57
receiving $recEIving 97 *recieving 54
recent $reCent 87 *resent 56
recently $reCently 72 *resently 35
reception $reCeption 69 *reseption 51
recess $reCess 83 $receSS 88 *reses 41 *reces 11
recipe $reCIPE 100 *resipe 14
recite $reCite 69 *resite 50
reckon $reCKon 88 *recon 32
recognize $recoGnize 57 *reconize 27 *recognise 15
recollect $recoLLect 74 *recolect 28 *reccollect 18
recommend $recoMMend 87 *recomend 39 *reccomend 27
recommendation $recOMMendation 86 *recomendation 42
record $reCOrd 90
recover $recOver 53 *recuver 31
red $rEd 80 *rad 54
reduce $reduCe 69 *reduse 52
reduction $reduCtion 63
refer $refer% 67 *refere 61
reference $referEnce 86 *referance 76
referred $refeRRed 80 *refered 68
referring $refeRRing 97 *refering 80
refund $refUnd 68 *refond 36 *refound 27
refuse $refuSE 83 *refuce 20 *refues 16
refused $refUsed 59
regard $regArd 76 *reguard 60
regarding $regArding 85 *reguarding 48 *regaurding 26
region $rEgion 58 $regIOn 70 *reagion 20
register $regIster 77 *regester 53
registration $regIstration 52 $regist%ration 29 *regestration 21 *registeration 17
regret $regrEt 73 *regreat 59
regular $regulAr 42 *reguler 24
regularly $regULARLY 97 *regulary 20 *reguarly 16
reign $reiGN 91 *rein 33 *reighn 17
rejoice $rejOIce 85 *rejoce 16 *rejoyce 13
relastion $relAtion 52
relative $relAtive 83 *relitive 44
release $releASE 90
reliable $relIAble 76 *relieable 38 *relible 24
relief $relIEF 58 *releif 23 *releaf 11
relieve $relIEve 87 *releive 46
religion $relIgion 49 $religION 67 *religon 39
religious $religIOUS 95 *religous 69
remain $remAIn 70 $remain% 64 *remane 32 *remaine 23
remainder $remAInder 85 *remander 38
remark $remark% 46 *remarke 36
remarkable $remarKAble 82
remedy $remEdy 92 *remidy 50
remember $remEMber 91 *rember 37
remembered $remEMbered 66 *rembered 26
remembrance $rememb%rance 88 *rememberance 58
remind $remiND 75 *remined 23 *remine 20
remit $remiT 63 *remitt 49
remittance $remiTTance 64 $remittAnce 59 *remitance 29 *remittence 26 *remitence 24
remove $remoVE 56 *remov 25 *renove 22
render $rEnder 49 *rander 28
rendered $rendERED 96 *renderd 49
renew $renEW 63 *renue 30
renewal $renEWAl 97 *renual 24
rent $rEnt 75 *reant 69
repair $repAIr 79 $repair% 76 *repare 53
repeat $rEpeat 46 $repEAt 63 *reapeat 24
replied $replIed 66 *replyed 36
reply $repLY 89 *replie 33
report $repORt 76
reported $repoRted 52
represent $repREsent 56 *repesent 12 *repersent 12
representative $representAtive 87 *representitive 68
republican $republicAn 67 *republician 67
reputation $repUTAtion 94 *repution 28 *repretation 28
request $reQUEst 89 *requst 28
requested $reqUEsted 85 *requsted 61
require $reqUIRE 97 *requier 14 *requare 14
required $requIREd 92
resemble $reSemble 46 *rezemble 23
reserve $resErve 48 *resurve 14
residence $residenCE 56
resident $resIdent 77 *resedent 23 *resadent 15
resort $resOrt 65 *resourt 33
respect $respeCT 80
respectable $respectAble 67 *respectible 27
respectfully $respectfuLLy 70 *respectfuly 46
response $responSE 100 *responce 77
responsibility $responsIbility 54 *responsability 14
responsible $responsIble 89 *responsable 62
rest $rEst 85 *rast 33
restaurant $restAUrant 94 *resturant 49
result $reSUlt 90
retail $retAIl 88 $retail% 60 *retale 31
retain $retAIn 84 $retain% 53 *retane 25
retire $retIRE 95
retreat $retrEAt 64
return $retURn 78
returned $returNED 51
revenge $revengE 53 *reveng 42
revenue $revEnue 70 *revinue 32
reverse $revErse 42 $reverSE 53 *reverce 34
review $revIEW 98 *revue 36 *revew 21
reward $rewArd 89 *reword 55
rheumatism $rHEUmatism 84
ribbon $ribbOn 74 *ribben 24 *ribbin 20
rice $riCE 98 *rise 40
rich $riCH 81 *rick 62
rid $rId 75 $rid% 36 *red 30
ride $ridE 100 *rid 47 *ried 20
riding $rid%ing 74 *rideing 38
rifle
right $riGHT 91 *rite 32
ring $rING 91
ringing $riNGing 92
ripe $ripE 86 *rip 48
rise $rIse 74 *raise 46
rising $rIS%ing 98 *rizing 31 *riseing 30
risk $rIsk 62 *resk 33
river $rIver 60 *rever 21
road $rOAd 97 $road% 75 *rode 60
roar $rOAR 98 *raw 28
roast $rOAst 97 *rost 68
rob $rOb 43 $rob% 50 *robe 33 *rab 20
robin $rObin 56 $robIn 50 *robbin 33
rock $roCK 83 *rok 22 *roke 21
rod $rod% 55 *rode 45
rode $rodE 73 *rod 33
roll $roLL 93 *rol 28
rolled *rold 29 *rolld 19
rolling $roLLing 65 *roling 39
roof $rOOF 100 $roof% 36 *rofe 28 *rof 17
room $rooM 84 *roon 67
rooster $rOOster 93 *roster 32 *roaster 24
root $rOOt 100
rope $ropE 82 *rop 68
rose $roSE 98 *roes 30
roses $roSES 85 *ross 17
rotten $rottEn 67 *rotton 50
rough $rOUgh 78 $rouGH 92 *ruff 47
round $rOUnd 86 *rond 47
route $routE 83 *rout 50
row $rOW 100 *ro 22 *roe 40
royal $roYAL 99 *royle 12
rub $rUb 89 *rob 14
rubber $ruBBer 84 *ruber 27
rude $rUde 84 $rudE 85 *roud 20
ruffle $ruffLE 94 *ruffel 84
rug $rUg 94 *rog 31 *rag 28
ruin $rUIn 96 *ruen 21 *rune 21
rule $rULE 98
ruler $rUler 65 *roler 14 *rooler 14
run $rUn 91 *ran 51
running $ruNNing 94 *runing 88
rural $rURAl 98 *roral 16 *rurel 14
rush $ruSH 86 *ruch 26
rushed $ruSHed 82 *ruched 53
rye $rYE 82 *rey 31
sabbath $sabbAth 77 *sabboth 69
sack $saCK 82 $sack% 44 *sake 29 *sak 20
sacrifice $sacrIfice 58 *sacrafice 22 *sarifice 15
sad $sAd 60 $sad% 25 *sade 16 *sed 11
saddle $saDDle 73 $saddLE 55 *sadle 39 *saddel 24
safe $saFE 100 *save 42
safely $safELY 77 *safly 38 *savely 22
safety $safETY 92 *safty 43
said $sAId 99 *sed 20 *siad 16
sail $sAIl 76 $sail% 62 *sale 29 *sall 18
sailed $sAIled 58 $sailED 68 *saild 37
sailing $sAILing 97 *saling 55
sailor $sailOr 83 *sailer 44
sake $saKE 88 *sack 56
salad $salAd 71
salary $salAry 100 *salery 66
sale $sALE 100 *sail 79
salesman $sALEsman 54 *sailsman 14
salt $sALt 98 *slat 15 *solt 11
salute $sAlute 91 *sulute 30
same $saME 87 *sane 22 *sam 21
sample $sampLE 62 *sampel 24
sand $sanD 46 *sant 31
sandwich $sandWICH 94 *sandwitch 30
sang $sAng 85 *sing 19 *saing 15 *song 12
sanitary $sanItary 86 *sanatary 32
santa_claus $santa_clAUs 62 *santa_clus 28
sarcastic $sArcastic 39 *sorcastic 13
sash $saSH 79 *sach 61
sat $sAt 96 *set 37
satin $satIn 75 *saten 28
satisfaction $satiSfaction 72 *satifaction 53
satisfactorily $satisfactorILY 100 *satisfactorly 34 *satisfactorally 24
satisfactory $satiSfactory 44 $satisfactORy 54 *satifactory 32
satisfied $satisfIED 70 *satisfyed 42
satisfy $satisfY 63 *satisfie 25
saturday $satURday 79
saucer $sAUcer 92 $sauCer 76 *sauser 21 *soser 17
save $saVe 63 *safe 53
saving $sav%ing 82 *saveing 64
saw $sAW 100 *sow 28 *sor 21 *sew 17
say
saying $saYing 84 *saing 26
says $sAys 65 $saYS 76 *seys 18
scale $sCAle 84 *skale 27
scarce $scarCE 100 *scarse 46
scarcely $scarCELY 93 *scarcly 29 *scarsely 12
scare $scarE 58 *scar 17 *skare 12
scarf $sCarf 54 *skarf 35 *scarfe 17
scarlet $scarlEt 39 *scarlit 39
scatter $scaTTer 91 *scater 78
scene $sCENE 100 *seen 44
scenery $sCenery 49 $scenERY 47 *senery 26
schedule $sCHedule 44 $schedULE 88 *schedual 26 *scedual 13
scheme *sceam 39
scholar $scholAr 65 *scholer 35
school $sCHool 87 *scool 21 *skool 11
science $sCIEnce 87 *sceince 22 *sience 43
scissors $sCissors 68 *sissors 29
scold $sCold 69 *skold 26 *schold 23
score $sCORE 100 *scor 21 *skore 14
scout $sCOUT 91 *skout 25
scrap $sCRap 84 *scarp 11 *skrap 8
scratch $scraTCH 78 *scrach 41
scream $scrEAm 83 *screem 22 *screm 17
screen $scrEEn 69
screw $scrEw 66
scrub $scRUb 60 *scub 19
sea $sEA 100 *see 62
seal $sEAl 87 *seel 21
search $sEArch 79 *serch 40
season $sEAson 88 *seson 36
seat $sEAt 100 *set 30
second $seCond 56 $secOnd 56
secret $seCRet 65 *secert 10 *serect 7
secretary $secREtary 70 *secratary 26
section
secure $sEcure 63 *sucure 19 *sicure 17
secured $sEcured 52 *sucured 29
securing $secur%ing 60 *secureing 60
see $sEE 84 *se 56
seed $sEEd 89 *sed 21 *sede 15
seeing $sEEIng 98 *seing 28
seek $sEEk 93 *seak 44
seem $sEEM 100 *seen 62
seemed $sEEmed 49
seems $sEEms 64 *seams 43
seen $sEEn 86 *sen 34
seize $sEIze 100 *sieze 52 *cease 19
seldom $seldOm 44 *seldem 30
select $Select 50 *celect 35
selected $Selected 89 *celected 58
selection $sElection 60
self $sELf 83 *slef 30 *silf 22
selfish $seLFish 50 $selfIsh 50 *selfesh 22
sell $sEll 86 *sall 29
selling $seLLing 76 *seling 27
semester $sEmester 52 *simester 14 *semesta 13
senate $senATE 94 *senete 26 *senet 24
senator $senAtor 89 *senetor 56
send $sEnd 79 *snd 18 *sand 15
sending $sEnding 44 $senDing 50 *senting 44
senior $senIOr 93 *seinor 30
sense $senSE 96 *sence 79
sensible $senSIble 98 *sensable 30 *senseable 23
sent $sEnt 59 *sant 25
sentence $sentEnce 77 *sentance 64
separate $sepArate 87 *seperate 74
sept. $sepT. 69 *sep. 63
september $sePTember 58 $septEMber 52 *septmber 12 *septenber 9
series $serIEs 83 *serious 19
serious $serIOUs 74
seriously $serIOUsly 84 *serously 24
sermon $sermOn 70 *serman 35 *cermon 16
servant $servAnt 71 *servent 51
serve $sErve 71 *surve 35
service $serviCE 66 *servise 23 *survice 13
session $seSSion 92 *sesion 18 *secion 15
set $sEt 73 *sat 27
sets $sETs 78
setting $seTTing 86 *seting 72
settle $settLE 65 *settel 26
settled $seTTled 69 $sett%led 39
settlement $settLEment 80 *settelment 29
seven $sevEn 53
seventeen $seventEEn 81 *seventen 21
seventh $sevenTH 64 *seven 33
seventy $sevenTY 56 *seventee 19
several $severAl 74 *sevral 14 *severl 14
severe $seVere 44 $severE 52 *sever 32 *severe 13
sew $sEW 99 *sow 42 *so 26
sewing $sEWing 97 *sowing 31 *sweing 20
shade $shadE 66 *shad 36 *sade 13
shadow $shadOW 83 *shodow 33
shake $shaKE 74 *shack 29
shall $sHall 39 $shAll 44 *sall 19 *shal 16
shallow $shaLLow 53 *shalow 37
shape $shapE 81 *shap 32 *sheap 17
share $shAre 74 $sharE 73 *shear 27
sharp $SHarp 52 $shARp 62
she
shed $shEd 59 *shad 38 *ched 19
sheep $SHeep 55 $shEEp 50 *seep 33
sheet $shEEt 94 *sheat 24 *shet 16
sheets $shEEts 74 *sheats 42
shelf $SHElf 79 *shalf 36
shell $shELL 84 *shel 27 *shall 18
shelter $SHelter 28 $sheLter 28 *selter 16 *sheter 16
shepherd $shePHerd 76 *shepard 43 *sheperd 31
shield $shIEld 100 *sheild 67
shine $shinE 82 *shin 59
shining $shin%ing 85 *shineing 50 *shinning 25
ship $SHip 48 *shipe 28
shipment $shipmEnt 37
shipped $shiPPed 92 *shiped 72
shipping $shiPPing 98 *shiping 94
shirt $shIRt 88
shock $shoCK 60 *schock 17 *shok 15
shoe $shoE 67 *shou 23
shoes $shOES 92 *shose 23
shook $shOOk 92 *shuk 24 *shok 20
shoot $shOOt 86 *shot 27
shop $shOp 63 *shap 15
shopping $shoPPing 85 *shoping 79
shore $shoRE 74 *shor 42
short $shORt 71 *shot 22
shortage $shortAGE 65
shot $shOt 91 *shat 39
should $shOUld 66 $shouLD 59 *shoud 12 *sould 11
shoulder $shOUlder 79 *sholder 48
shout $shOUt 72 *showt 31
shove $shOve 79 *shuve 32
shovel $shOvel 57 $shovEL 60 *shovle 21 *shuvel 15
show $SHow 58 $shoW 42 *sow 33 *sho 21
showed $shoWED 97 *shod 23 *showd 19
shower $shOWER 96 *shour 28
showing $shoWing 76 *shouing 27 *shoing 21
shown $shoWN% 99 *showen 30 *shone 16
shriek $shrIEK 90 *shreik 41
shut $shUt 94 *shot 35 *shat 39
sick $siCK 88 *sik 29
sickness $siCKness 44 $sickneSS 62 *sicknes 30
side $sidE 98 *sid 68
sidewalk $sidEwalk 69 $sidewaLk 48 *sidwalk 48
siege $sIEge 99 *seige 85
sight $siGHt 90 $sight% 61 *site 40
sign $sig%n 55 *sighn 35
signature $signAture 100 *signiture 87
signed $siG%Ned 94 *sighned 23 *singed 20
silence $silenCE 57 *silents 27
silent $silENT 65
silk $sILk 69
silly $sIlly 53 *sily 15
silver $sILver 88 *sliver 16 *siver 14
similar $similAr 64 *similiar 62
simple $simpLE 68 *simpel 29
simply $simpLY 75
sin $sIn 54 $sin% 50 *sine 32 *sen 25
since $sinCE 85 *sins 23
sincere $sincerE 60 *sincer 23
sincerely $sincerELY 94 *sincerly 80
sing $sIng 81 *song 26
singing $sinGing 59 *sining 33
single $singLE 90 *singel 39
sink $sInk 47 $sinK 38 *senk 21
sir $sIR 100 *ser 29
sister $siSTer 69
sit $sIT 98 *sat 47 *set 22
sitting $siTTing 98 *siting 79
situation $sitUAtion 45
six $sIx 71 *sex 35
sixteen $sixtEEn 82 *sixten 27 *sixtine 16
sixth $sixTH 78 *six 24
sixty $sixtY 61 *sixtey 29
size $siZe 75 *sise 27
skate $skatE 61 *skat 39
skating $sKating 43 *skateing 26
skin $sKin 73 *scin 29
skip $sKip 36 $skIp 33 *skep 25 *scip 22
skirt $sKirt 87 *scirt 14 *skert 11
sky $sKY 100
slap $slAp 41 $slap% 45
slave $slAve 33 $slavE 68 *slav 40
sled $slEd 88 *slad 41
sleep $slEEp 91 *slep 27
sleeping $slEEping 76 *sleping 47 *slepping 29
sleepy $slEEPY 100 *sleppy 15
sleet $slEEt 92 *sleat 22
sleeve $slEEve 94 *sleave 48
sleigh $slEIgh 97 $sleiGH 93 *slay 33 *sliegh 30
slept $slEPT 100
slice $sliCE 86 *slise 52
slide $sliDE 80 *slid 25
slight $sliGHT 90 *slite 32
slip $slIp 61 *slep 50
slipped $sliPPed 96 *sliped 56
slipper $sliPPer 70 *sliper 48
slippers $sliPPers 57 *slipers 12
slippery $sliPPery 46 $slippERY 59 *slipery 30
slow $sloW 51 *slo 27
slowly $sloWly 58 $slowLY 48 *slouly 13 *sloly 11
small $smaLL 59 *smal 20
smaller $smALLer 90 *smaler 28 *smoler 28
smart $smArt 54
smell $smELL 89 *smel 24 *small 15
smile $smiLE 86 *smil 36
smoke $smoKE 91 *smok 22 *smock 17
smoking $smok%ing 47 *smokeing 43 *smooking 30
smooth $smOOth 56 *smoth 33
snake $snakE 90 *snak 72
snap $sNAp 73
snow $sNOw 74 *sno 21 *sow 14
snowing $snOWing 94
so *sow 60
soak $sOAk 86 $soak% 53 *soke 44
soap $sOAp 81 $soap% 44 *sope 32
social $socIAl 96 *socal 30
society $socIEty 76 *socity 56
soda $sODA 100
soft $sOFt 84 *saft 36
soil $sOIl 70 $soil% 58 *sole 27 *soile 18
sold $sOLd 74
soldier $soldIEr 92 *solger 22
soldiers $solDiers 64 $soldIErs 97 *solgers 25 *solders 19
sole $sOle 90 $solE 97 *soul 65
solid $solId 70 *soled 19
solo $solO 90 *solow 32
solve $sOLve 79 *slove 33
some $sOme 54
somebody $somEbody 53 $someboDY 35 *sombody 35
someone $somEone 50 *somone 41
something $somEthing 63 *somthing 28
sometime $somEtime 67 *somtime 41
sometimes $sometimES 61 *sometime 46
somewhat $somEwhat 66 *somwhat 30
somewhere $somEwhere 57 $someWHere 79 *somwere 21 *somewere 11
son $sOn 93 *sun 57
song $sOng 72
soon $sOOn 79 *son 35
sooner $sOONer 97 *soner 36 *sonner 25
sore $sORE 100 *saw 31 *sor 17
sorrow $sorrOW 72
sorry $sORRy 95 *sory 25
sort $sORT 78 *sorte 16
soul $sOUl 99 $soul% 50 *sole 43
sound $sOUnd 93 *sond 61
soup $sOUp 97 *sup 18
sour $sOUr 87
source $sOUrce 64 *sourse 24 *sauce 17
south $sOUth 92 *soth 16 *sorth 10
southern $southERN 67 *southen 22 *southren 16
sow $sOW 100 *sew 50
space $spaCe 70 *spase 35
spade $spadE 75 *spad 75
spare $spAre 73 $sparE 79 *spear 35
sparrow $spARRow 87 *sporrow 14
speak $spEAk 72 *spek 17 *speack 14
speaker $spEAKer 95 *speacker 45
speaking $spEAking 84 *speking 28
spear $spEAr 93 *spere 22
special $spECIAL 99
specimen $specimEn 71 *speciman 50
speech $spEEch 98 *speach 98
speed $spEEd 90 *spead 70
spell $spEll 51 *spll 19
spelling $speLLing 81 *speling 27
spend $spenD 54
spending $spenDing 55
spent $spENt 73
sphere $sPHere 71 *spere 24
spider $spiDer 59 *spiter 25
spill $spiLL 75 *spil 37
spin $spIn 68 *spen 44
spirit $spIRIt 100 *spirt 44
splendid $splendId 92 *splended 63
split $spLIt 68 *spilt 22 *splite 20
spoil $spOIl 92 *spol 28
spoiled $spOIled 74 *spoled 37
spoke $spoKE 86 *spok 27 *spock 17
spoon $spOOn 85 *spon 42
sport $spORt 96 *sprot 20 *spot 20
spot $spOt 55 *spat 20 *spout 13
spread $spREAd 97 *spred 49
spring $spRIng 88 *sping 33
sprinkle $sprinkLE 58 *sprinkel 21
square $sqUAre 49 $squarE 47 *squar 38 *sqare 27
squeeze $squeeZE 66 *squeese 48
squirrel $sqUIrrel 76 *squrrel 22
stable $stabLE 62 *stabel 38
stack $staCK 92 $stackE 60 *stake 43
stage $staGE 80 *stag 40
stair $stAIr 98 $stairE 43 *stare 37 *star 25
stairs $stAIrs 86 *stars 38
stake $stakE 95 *steak 41 *stack 43
stalk $stALk 100 *stork 70
stamp $staMp 68 *stap 41 *stanp 19
stamps
stand $sTand 59 *sand 28
standard $standARd 86 *standerd 26 *standed 22
standing $sTanding 49 $staNDing 43 *stading 22 *sanding 37
stands $stand%s 58 *standes 50 *stans 29
star $stAr 60 *str 23 *stare 19
starch $starCH 63 *starge 23 *startch 16
stare $stARE 96 *stair 65
start $stArt 39 $start% 30
started $staRTed 63
starting $starTing 39 *staring 19
starve $stARve 79 *stave 62
state $staTE 65 *stat 17
statement $statEment 76 *statment 67
states $statEs 82 *stats 48
stating $stat%ing 100 *stateing 100
station $staTION 91
stationary $stationAry 64 *stationery 49
stationery $stationEry 99 *stationary 89
stay $staY 68 *sta 34 *stae 26
stayed $staYED 100 *stad 31 *stayd 19
staying $staYing 77 *staing 53
steady $stEAdy 82 *stedy 23
steal $stEAl 100 *stel 49
steam $stEAm 96 *stem 19 *steem 11
steamer $stEAmer 80 *stemer 36
steel $stEEl 82 *steal 51
steep $stEEp 90 *steap 26 *step 25
steer $stEEr 100 *ster 40 *stear 31
stenographer $stenograPHER 62 *stenografer 16
step $stEp 77 *stap 59
steps $stEps 56 *staps 29
stick $stiCK 73 *stik 27
stiff $stiFF 90 *stif 48 *stife 23
still $stIll 51 $stiLL 49
sting $stIng 65 *steng 38
stir $stIr 93 *ster 54 *stur 16
stitch $stiTch 98 *stich 91
stock $stOCK 100 *stark 35
stockings $stoCKings 86 *stokings 35
stole $stolE 88 *stol 26 *stold 24
stomach $stomaCH 57 *stomack 24 *stomache 24
stone $stonE 93 *ston 80
stood $stOOd 89 *stod 43
stool $stOOl 95
stop $stOp 77 *stap 19
stopped $stoPPed 79 *stoped 69
stopping $stoPPing 100 *stoping 93
store $storE 95 *stor 76
stories $storIES 98 *storys 32 *stores 26
storm $stORm 97 *strom 62
story $stORy 50 $storY 47 *storey 17 *store 17 *stary 17
stove $stovE 53 *stov 35
straight $straiGHt 65 *strait 58
straighten $straiGHten 63 *straiten 22
strain $strAIn 83 *stran 38
strange $strangE 63 *strang 54
stranger $stRANger 81
strap $stRAp 56
straw $stRAw 99 *strow 41
strawberry $strAWberry 69 *strawbery 13
stream $strEAm 84 *strem 33 *streem 25
street $stReet 78 *steet 50
strength $strenGTH 94 *strengh 26 *strenght 20
stretch $streTCH 88 *strech 40 *streach 23
strict $striCT 98 *strick 25 *stricked 19
strike $striKE 93 *strick 59
string $stRIng 83 *sting 25
strong $stRONg 87 *strog 30
struck $stRUck 77 $struCK 63
struggle $struGGle 70 *strugle 56
stubborn $stuBBorn 56 *stuborn 39
stuck $stuCK 85 *stuk 35 *stok 21
student $studEnt 37 *sudent 19
studied $studIED 77 *studyed 26 *studed 16
studies $studIES 89 *studys 43
study $stUdy 49 $studY 28
studying $studYing 69 *studing 50
stuff $stUFF 98 *stuf 20 *stof 16
stump $stUmp 100 *stomp 100
stupid $stupId 67 *stuped 29
style $stYle 80 *stile 61
stylish $styl%ish 52 *styleish 43
subject $subjECT 83 *subgect 17 *subjuct 13
submit $submit% 23 *submite 17 *sumit 17
subscription $subSCription 47 $subscriPtion 47 *subscribtion 23
substitute $subsTItute 78 *subsitute 43
suburb $subUrb 78 *suberb 67
succeed $succEED 87 *success 19 *succed 30
succeeded $succEEded 61 *succeded 49
success $suCCess 69 *sucess 20 *succes 14
successful $succeSSful 56 *succesful 33
such $sUCH 92 *sach 27
sudden $suDDen 61 *suden 25
suffer $suFFer 75 *sufer 75
sufficient $sufficIEnt 62 *sufficiant 41
sugar $sugAr 98 *suger 50
suggest $suGGest 97 *sugest 28
suggested $suGGested 92 *sugested 22 *sugjested 21
suggestion $suGGestion 93 *sugestion 34
suit $sUIt 74 $suit% 47 *sute 19 *suite 21
suitable *suitible 31
sum $sUM 100 $sum% 66 *some 56
summer $sUmmer 49 $suMMer 59 *sumer 21
sun $sUn 93 *san 39 *son 23
sunday $sUnday 74 *sanday 43
sunk $sUnk 73 *sonk 42
sunny $sUNNY 100 *suny 44
sunshine $sunshinE 53 *sunshin 45
superintendents *superintendants 17
superior $superIOR 62 *supperior 17
supper $sUPPer 86 *super 36
supplied $suPPlied 52 $supplIED 52 *suplied 27
supplies $supplIES 68 *supplys 25
supply $suPPly 82 *suply 41
support $suPPort 75 *suport 38
suppose $suPPose 66 *supose 36
supposed $suPPosed 78 *suposed 35
sure *shore 19 *shure 16 *shor 15
surely $surELY 94 *surly 25 *surley 16
surface $sUrface 73 *serface 20
surprise $sURprise 73 *suprise 32
surprised $suRprised 76 *suprised 31 *suprise 17
surrender $suRRender 82 *surender 40
surround $suRRound 72 *suround 48
surrounded $suRRounded 45 $surrOUnded 36 *surounded 28 *surronded 16
survey $survEy 85 *survay 31
suspect $sUspect 41
swallow $swAllow 72 *swollow 58
swear $swEAr 98 *swar 24 *sware 21 *swer 15
sweat $swEAt 96 *swet 73
sweater $swEAter 78 *swetter 21 *sweeter 16
sweep $swEEp 72 *swep 47
sweet $swEEt 86 *swet 34
swell $swEll 48 $sweLL 55 *swel 27
swept $swEPT 94 *sweped 31
swift $swIft 40 $swifT 30
swim $swiM 46 *swin 28
swimming $swiMMing 96 *swiming 74
swing $sWing 68 *suing 35
switch $swiTCH 91 *swich 38
sword $sWORd 100 *sord 33
syllable $sYllable 53 *sylable 23 *silable 18
sympathize $sYmpathize 39 $sympathiZe 43
sympathy $sympAthy 65 *sympthy 27
system $sYstem 76 *sistem 28
table $tabLE 88 *tabl 20 *tabel 10
tablet $tabLEt 94 *tablit 25 *tablt 16
tackle $taCKle 57 $tackLE 63 *tackel 26 *takle 18
tact $taCT 100 *tacked 58
tag $tag% 50 *tage 50
tail $taIL 96 *tall 20 *tale 15
tailor $tAilor 76
take $taKE 95 *tak 38
taken $takEN 97 *takin 15 *takeing 12
takes $takEs 53 *taks 53
taking $tak%ing 70 *takeing 69
tale $tAle 100 $talE 90 *tail 90
talent $talEnt 69 *talant 51
talk $tALk 100
talked $taLked 58 $talkED 63
talking $taLking 79 *taking 17
tall $tAll 94 *toll 59
tame $tamE 89 *tam 56
tan $taN 89 *tain 29 *tane 23
tank $taNK 60
tar $tar% 73 *tare 64
tariff $taRiff 73 $tariFF 67 *tarrif 41 *tarriff 30
task $tasK 84 *tasked 32
taste $tastE 88 *tast 32
taught $tAught 82 *tought 35
tax $taX 95 *tacks 29
tea $tEA 100 *tae 39
teach $tEAch 93 *tech 19
teacher $tEAcher 82 *techer 18
teaching $tEAching 79 *teching 54
team $tEAm 86 *teem 21
tear $tEAR 100 *tare 19 *tair 19
tease $tEAse 64 $teasE 52 *teas 32
tedious $tedIOUs 73 *tedius 17 *tedeus 11
teeth *teth 19
telegram $telEgram 89 *telagram 60
telegraph $telEgraph 67 *telagraph 42
telephone $telEphone 96 *telaphone 29 *telphone 25
tell *tall 22 *tel 21
telling $teLLing 70 *teling 60
tells $teLLs 42 $tell%s 54 *telles 44 *tels 20
temper $teMper 36 *tenper 23
temperature $temperAture 77 *temperture 42
temple $tempLE 60 *tempel 42
temporary $tempOrary 96 *temperary 76
temptation $temPTation 79 *temtation 50
ten $tEn 90 *tan 35
tend $tenD 85
tender $tendER 56
tennis $teNNis 64 *tenis 46
tent $tENT 100 *tant 22
tenth $tenTH 96 *tent 28
term $tErm 91 *turm 55
terms $tErms 59 $term%s 47
terrible $terrIble 82 *terrable 18 *terriable 9
terribly $terribLY 59 *terrible 31
territory $teRRitory 65 *teritory 39
test $tESt 90
testimony $testImony 74 *testomony 25 *testamony 17
text $texT 79 *texed 17
than $thAn 94 *then 74
thank $thAnk 75 *think 32
thankful $thankfuL 58 *thankfull 23 *thankfill 22
thanking $thAnking 55 *thinking 39
thanks $thaNKs 60
thanksgiving $thanKSgiving 71 *thankgiving 35
that $tHAt 98 *thet 18 *tat 17
that's $thaT'S 100 *thate's 50
the
theater $theaTer 78 *theather 61
their $thEIr 97 $their% 60 *there 40 *thier 19
them $thEM 87 *then 21 *tham 16
themselves $themselVEs 100 *themselfs 82
then $thEn 67
there $therE 94 *ther 44
therefore $thereforE 94 *therefor 84
thermometer $thermomEter 50 $thermometEr 32
these $thesE 90 *thes 34
they $thEy 79 *thay 29
thick $thiCk 70 *thik 36
thief $thIEf 81 *theif 81
thimble $thiMble 38 $thimbLE 38 *thinble 33 *thimbel 33
thin $thIn 25 $thin% 50 *thine 50
thing $THing 46 *ting 33
things $THings 67 *tings 40
think $thinK 60 *thing 28 *tink 16
thinking $thinKing 78 *thinging 78
third $thIRd 88 *therd 17 *thrid 14
thirsty $thIRsty 83
thirteen $thIrteen 78 *therteen 13
thirty $thIrty 71 *thurty 13
this $thIs 70
thorough $thORough 93 *through 30 *thourough 20
thoroughly $thORoughly 88 *throughy 28 *thouroughly 22
those $thoSE 84 *thos 23 *thoes 19
though $thOUgh 90 $thouGH 96 *thow 53 *tho 26
thought $thOUGHt 81 *thot 22
thousand $thousAnd 73 *thousend 12
thread $thREAd 89 *thred 18
threat $thREAT 78 *thret 27
three $thRee 58 *thee 34
threw $thrEW 89 *throw 29 *through 25
throat $thrOAt 82
through $thROUGH 97 *throw 21 *threw 20
throughout $thRoughout 35 $throuGHout 30 *thoughout 35
throw $thROw 68 *thow 21
thrown $throWN 84 *throne 23 *thron 19
thumb $thumB 93 *thum 49
thunder $thUnder 79 *thounder 57
thursday $thURsday 59
thus $thUs 75 *thous 29
ticket $tICKEt 90 *tiket 27
tickled $tickLED 95 *tickeled 33 *tickeld 19
tie $tIE 100
tied $tIEd 100 *tid 47
tiger $tIger 31 $tigEr 39 *tigar 19
tight $tiGHT 85 $tight% 64 *tite 40
tile $tILE 100
till $tIll 74 *tell 43
timber $tImber 51 *tember 37 *tenber 22
time $tiME 94 *tine 30 *tim 21
times $timES 85 *tims 50
timid $timId 88 *timed 52
tin $tIn 68 *ten 41
tiny $tinY 83 *tiney 30 *tine 24
tip $tIp 80 *tep 60
tire $tIRE 100 *tier 12
tired $tIRed 77 *tried 29
title $tiTle 45 $titLE 36 *tittle 33
to
toast $tOAst 98 *tost 69
tobacco $tobaCCo 83 *tobacko 30 *tobbaco 19 *tobaco 15
today $tOday 64
toe $tOE 100 *tow 34
together $togEther 77 *togather 21
told $toLD 73 *toll 27
tomato $tOmato 40 $tomatO 31 *tmato 20 *tomto 17
tomatoes $tomatOEs 78 *tomatos 43
tomorrow $tomoRRow 78 $tomorroW 41 *tomorow 24
ton $tOn 82 $ton% 29 *tun 59
tongue $tongUe 96 *tounge 28
tonight $toniGHt 76 *tonit 21
too $tOO 100 *two 47 *to 40
took $tOOk 90 $took% 47 *toke 24 *tok 22
tool $tOOl 93 *tol 38
tools $tOOls 77 $tool%s 55 *toles 24 *tooles 17
tooth $tOOth 81 *toth 32 *tuth 19
top $tOp 78 *tap 21
topic $topIC 76
tore $torE 93 *tor 73
torn $tORn 81 *turn 19 *tron 9
total $totAL 88 *totle 37
touch $tOUch 96 *tuch 39
tough $tOUgh 80 $touGH 83 *tuff 17
toward $toWARd 93 *tord 41
towel $towEL 98 *towl 63
town $toWn 92 *toun 43
toy $tOY 97
trace $traCE 74 *trase 44
track $traCK 89 *trak 40
trade $trAde 61 $tradE 76 *trad 24 *trede 16
traffic $traFFic 82 *trafic 73
train $trAIn 97 *tran 35
training $trAIning 64 *traning 48
tramp $traMp 70 *trap 37 *tranp 31
transfer $tranSfer 48 $transFER 53
transferred $transfeRRed 92 *transfered 87
transportation $transportATION 32
trap $traP 33 $trap% 67 *trape 67
travel $travEL 92 *travle 30
traveler $travEler 86 *travler 48
traveling $travELing 84 *travling 43
treasure $trEAsure 69 *tresure 44
treasurer $treasURER 84
treasury $treasURY 94 *treasurey 36
treat $trEAt 68 $treat% 35 *treet 24
treated $trEAted 86 *treeted 31 *treted 37
treatment $trEATment 74
tree $tREE 98 *tre 38 *tee 33
trees $trEEs 73 *tres 37
tremble $trEmble 54
trial $trIAl 98 *trail 72
trick $triCK 75 *trik 40
tried $trIEd 91 *tride 28
trifle $triFle 81 *triffle 61
trim $trIm 66 *trem 24
trimmed $triMMed 100 *trimed 92
trip $trIp 54 $trip% 44 *tripe 23
trolley $trollEY 83 *trolly 83
troop $trOOp 84 *troup 57
trouble $trOUble 89 *troble 31 *truble 18
trousers $trousERs 65 *trouses 42
trout $trOUt 85 *trot 23
truck $truCK 75 *truk 27
true $trUE 100 *troo 20 *trow 17
truly $tru%ly 62 *truely 61
trunk $trUnk 67 *tronk 27
trust $tRUst 80
trusting $tRUsting 56
truth $trUth 47 *troth 23 *thruth 16
try $trY 90 *tri 37
trying $trYIng 95 *tring 33 *triing 20
tub $tUb 88 *tab 40 *tob 32
tube $tUBE 97 *tub 24
tuesday $tUEsday 91 *tusday 36 *tuseday 17
tune $tUne 71
tunnel $tuNNel 54 $tunnEL 54 *tunel 30
turkey $tURkey 52 $turkEy 60 *turky 36
turn $tURn 73 *trun 25
turned $tURned 59 $turnEd 62 *turnd 28
turning $tURning 76
turnip $turnIp 77 *turnup 30
turtle $turtLE 71 *turtel 27
twelfth $twelFTH 88 *twelth 40
twelve $twelVE 75 *twelv 22 *twelf 20
twenty *tewenty 11
twenty-five $tWENty-five 59
twice $tWice 51 $twiCE 74 *twise 25 *twis 18
twilight *twlight 33
twin $twIn 59 *twen 25
two $tWO 97 *to 45 *tow 24
type $tYpe 78 *tipe 62
typewriter $typEwriter 63 *typwriter 27
typhoid *tyfoid 15 *tifoid 13
ugly $uGLY 92
umbrella *unbrella 18 *umbrela 11
unable $Unable 48 $unabLE 37 *onable 25 *unabel 23
uncle $uncLE 77 *uncil 15
uncomfortable $uncOMfortable 39 $uncomfORtable 39 *uncomftable 23 *unconfortable 20
unconscious $unconSCious 69 *unconsious 42
under $unDER 69 *undr 18 *andr 16
understand $undERstand 58
understanding $understanDing 57 *understanting 35
understood $understOOd 60 *understud 28
undertake $undERtake 67
underwear $underwEAR% 100 *underware 68
undoubtedly $undoubtEDLY 86 *undoubtly 20
unfortunate $unfortunATE 69 *unfortunet 24
unhappy $Unhappy 55 *anhappy 27 *onhappy 27
uniform $unIform 69 *unform 24 *unaform 23
union $unIOn 80
united $uni%ted 52 *unighted 33
universal $unIversal 83 *unerveral 9 *unerversal 10
university $univerSIty 55 *universaty 19 *unerversity 11
unless $unleSS 74 *unles 34
unnecessary $uNNecessary 65 *unecessary 40
unpleasant $unpleasAnt 76 *unpleasent 62
until $untiL 73 *untill 58
unusual $unusUal 61 *unusal 29
up
uphold $UPhold 59 $uphol%d 82 *uphole 32
upon $Upon 95 *opon 19 *apon 18
upper $uPPer 90 *uper 66
upset $upsET 77
upstairs $upstAIrs 40 $upstair%s 50 *upstaires 18
urge $Urge 91 *earge 43 *erge 25
us *as 41
use *yous 32
used *yoused 17
useful $usEful 64 $usefuL 62 *usefull 18 *usfull 15 *usful 15
useless $usEless 78 *usless 39
using $us%ing 91 *useing 85
usual $usUal 87 *usal 27
usually $usuaLLy 43 *usualy 32
utmost $uTmost 81 *upmost 38 *uttmost 22
vacant $vacAnt 87 *vacent 35
vacation $vaCAtion 72 $vacaTIon 54 *vaction 8 *vakation 17 *vacashon 13
vain $vaIn 84 $vain% 50 *vane 28
valentine $valEntine 79 *valintine 39
valley $vallEy 89 *vally 65
valuable $valuAble 88 *valueable 36
value $valUE 74 *vaule 37
variety $vAriety 56 $varIEty 83 *varity 31
various $vArious 64 $varIOUs 56 *verious 23
varnish $vARnish 70 *vanish 49
vase $vASE 88
vast $vasT 53
vegetable $vegEtable 91 *vegatable 77
velvet $velVEt 80 *velvit 20
venture $vEnture 44 *vanture 33
verse $vERse 53 $verSE 58 *verce 32
very $vEry 55 $verY 58
vessel $vessEL 85 *vessal 50 *vessle 35
vicinity $viCinity 65 *visinity 15
victim $victIm 71 *victom 27
victory $victORY 63
view $vIEW 100 *vew 26 *veiw 22
village $viLLage 56 $villAge 77 *villige 24
villain $villAIn 99 *villian 97
vine $vinE 75 *vin 50
vinegar $vinEgar 84 *vinigar 34
violet $vIOlet 79 *vilet 19 *voilet 21
violin $vIOlin 65 *volin 22
virtue $vIrtue 93 *vertue 45
visit $visIt 85 *vist 32
visiting $visIting 89 *visting 78
visitor $visItor 84 *vistor 54
visitors $visItors 32 *vistors 18
voice $voiCe 94 *voise 70
volume $vOlume 38 $volumE 70 *volum 28 *valume 22
vote $vOte 74 $votE 90 *voet 25 *voat 23 *vot 21
voyage $voYage 75 *voage 31
vulgar $vulgAr 82 *vulger 36
wade $wAde 50 $wadE 71
wagon $wagOn 90 *wagen 21
waist $waIst 95 $waist% 41 *waste 37 *wast 26
wait $waIt 86 $wait% 79 *wate  46
waited $waIted 78 *wated 39
waiting $waIting 71 *wating 29
wake $waKE 90 *waek 29
walk $wALk 93 *wok 17 *work 12
walked $walkED 86 *walkt 34
walking $waLking 77 *waking 22
wall $wAll 93 *woll 33
wander $wAnder 100 *wonder 88
want $wAnt 80
wanted $wAnted 58
wanting $wAnting 58
wants $wAnts 28 $wanTS 78 *wans 30 *wantes 24
war $wAr 97 *wor 29
warm $wArm 90 *worm 33
warrant $warrAnt 95 *warrent 57 *warent 25
was $WAs 98 *uas 28
wash $waSh 76 *wach 19
washed $waSHed 57 $washED 57
washing $waShing 82 *waching 18
wasn't $was%n't 68 *wasen't 41
waste $wAstE 72 *waist 47
watch $waTch 67 *wach 29
watched $waTched 56 *wached 17
watching $waTching 57 *waching 37
water $wa%ter 37 *wather 12
wave $wAve 40 $wavE 40
way *wa 32 *uay 38
we *wee 44
weak $weAk 80 *week 57
wealth $weAlth 63 *welth 48
wealthy $wEAlthy 58 *welthy 28
wear *ware 28 *were 26
weary $weAry 67 *wery 12
weather $wEAther 79 *wether 31 *whether 26
weave $weAve 97 *weve 39 *weeve 25
wedding $weDDing 84 *weding 43
wednesday $weDnesday 55 $wednESday 83 *wensday 30
weed $wEEd 96 *wed 52 *wead 31
week $weEK 89 *wek 25 *weak 21
weekly $wEEkly 68 *weakly 41
weeks $wEEks 55
weigh $wEIgh 84 *wiegh 26
weighed $wEIghed 63 *wieghed 18 *weighted 11
weight $wEIght 77 *wieght 41
welcome $weLcome 74 *wellcome 57
well *wall 25
we'll $we'Ll 64 *we'el 16
went $wEnt 85 *whent 14 *want 12
were $werE 85 *wer 21
west $wEst 77 *wast 39
western $westeRn 58 *westen 42
wet
what $wHat 67 *wat 16 *wot 9
whatever $wHatever 46 *watever 38
wheat $wHeat 94 *weat 42
wheel $wHeel 84 *weel 42
when $wHen 76 *wen 33
whenever $wHenever 50 $wheneverY 37
where $wHere 72 $wherE 62 *were 18
wherever $wHerever 51 $wher%ever 58 *whereever 24 *wereever 14
whether $wHEther 98 *weather 30 *wheather 29 *wether 23
which $wHich 88 *wich 37
while $wHile 78 *wile 44
whip $wHip 100 *wip 44
whisper $wHisper 82 *wisper 45
whistle $wHistle 57 $whisTle 92 *wistle 21 *wishle 17 *whisle 17
white $wHite 80 $whitE 53 *wite 32
who *how 43
whole $Whole 97 *hole 75
wholesale $Wholesale 90 $wholEsale 44 *holesale 37 *wholsale 22
wholesome $Wholesome 71 $wholEsome 58 *wholsome 23 *holesome 20
wholly $Wholly 51 $whoLLy 85 *wholy 30 *holy 26
whom $whom% 44 *whome 44
whose $Whose 35 $whosE 59 *hose 25 *who's 21
why $wHy 97 *way 17 *wiy 14 *wy 16
wicked $wiCKed 43 $wickED 53
wide $widE 72 *wid 28
widow $wiDow 32 $widoW 35 *wido 24 *widdow 21
width $wiDth 92 *with 50
wife $wifE 76
wild $wIld 46
will $wIll 52
willing $wILLing 89 *wiling 29 *welling 25
willow $wiLLow 49 $willoW 30 *wilow 30
win $wIn 52 $win% 38 *wen 20 *wind 15
wind $winD 46 *win 21 *wid 12
window $wIndow 29 $windoW 51 *windo 20 *wondow 13
windows $windoWs 44 *windous 19
windy $windY 96 *winde 25 *windey 18
wine $w%ine 35 $winE 65
wing $wINg 68
winning $wiNNing 94 *wining 73
winter $wiNter 36 $wintER 36 *witer 28
wipe $wipE 73 *wip 54
wire $wiRE 79 *wier 12 *wirer 10
wireless $wiREless 90 *wirless 23
wise $wISe 87
wish $wisH 71 *wich 22 *wis 22
wished $wishED 63 *wisht 32
wishes $wiSHes 60 *wiches 27
wishing $wiSHing 73 *wiching 33
witch $w%itch 49 $wiTch 83 *which 37 *wich 39
with $w%ith 42 $wiTH 69 *whith 27 *wit 23
wither $w%ither 98 *whither 72
within $w%ithin 59 $withIn 59
without $w%ithout 53 $wiTHout 71
witness $wiTness 82 *wittness 73
woke $wOke 62 $wokE 58 *wok 27
wolf $wOLF 95
woman $womAn 87 *women 39
women $wOmen 71 $womEn 41 *wemen 24
won $won% 78 *one 31 *wone 27
wonder $wOnder 58 *wander 17
wonderful $wonderfuL 37 *wonderfull 32
wondering $wondERing 52 *wondring 17
won't $wON'T 100
wood $wOOd 90 *wod 33
wooden $wOOden 57 $woodEn 54
woods $wOOds 38 $wood%s 45 *woodes 41
wool $wOOL 100 *woll 27
woolen $wOOlen 50 $woolEN 47 *wollen 37
word $wOrd 89 *ward 25
words $wOrds 49 $worDs 40
wore $worE 70 *wor 26 *war 14
work $wOrk 64 $work% 50 *wark 16 *worke 14
worked $wOrked 31 $workED 76 *workt 27
working $wOrking 70 *warking 18
world $wORld 84 *wold 42
worm $wOrm 82
worn $wOrn 71 *warn 38
worried $worrIEd 70 *worred 28 *woried 23
worry $worRY 97 *wory 38 *worrie 21
worse $wOrse 32 $worsE 56 *wors 27
worship $wOrship 58 *warship 32
worst $wORST 100
worth $wORth 94 *woth 15 *werth 15
worthy $worthY 51 *worthey 28
would $wOULd 92 *wood 47
wouldn't
wound $wOUnd 77 *woned 19 *wond 16
wrap $Wrap 94 *rap 64
wrapped $Wrapped 67 $wraPPed 56 *rapped 37 *wraped 24
wreath $Wreath 59 *reath 33
wreck $Wreck 45 $wrEck 44 *reck 27 *wreack 9
wretch $wrETch 97 *wrech 28
wretched $wrETched 96 *wreched 23 *wrecthed 12
wrist $Wrist 58 *rist 58
write *right 33 *rite 15
writer $wriTer 40 *writter 30
writing $Writing 44 $writ%ing 78 *writeing 20 *writting 13
written $wriTTen 65 *writen 48
wrong $WRong 85 *worng 33 *rong 23
wrote $Wrote 59 *rot 25
yard $yArd 73 *yerd 10
yarn $yArn 75 *yorn 28
year $yEAr 98 *yer 27 *yeer 20
yearly $yEArly 35 $yearl%y 53 *yearley 53
years $yEArs 98 *yers 27 *yeers 20
yell $yELL 100 *yel 43 *yeal 30
yellow $yellOW 70 *yello 25
yes $yEs 91 *yas 54
yesterday $yesTERday 100
yet $YEt 95 *yat 25
yield $yIEld 99 *yeild 47
you $yoU 85 *yow 40
you'll $you'LL 76 *you'l 45
young $yoUng 85 *yong 33
your $yoUr 84 *yowr 38
yours $yOUrs 63
yourself $yoursELF 57
youth *yuth 20 *uth 18
zero $zEro 43 $zerO 49
zone           

# $Word is the word it should be and words below are the possible errors starts here 

$absurd 85 172 194 115 28 6
abeserbed 2 0 0
abscered 1 0 0
abserb 1 2 0
abserbd 1 0 0
abserbed 0 1 0
abserd 9 3 2
abserded 1 0 0
absered 7 3 0
abserid 0 0 1
abserred 6 1 0
abserve 9 0 0
abserved 11 0 1
abseved 1 0 0
absevered 1 0 0
absorb 3 0 0
absorbd 1 0 0
absorbed 4 0 0
absord 2 0 0
absored 1 0 0
absred 1 0 0
absurb 18 9 1
absurbe 0 0 1
absurbed 9 2 0
absurded 1 0 0
absured 16 4 0
absurred 0 2 0
aburd 1 0 0
aburve 1 0 0
adsurbed 1 0 0
apserved 1 0 0
apubed 1 0 0
Asurb 0 1 0
obsurd 1 0 0
obsured 1 0 0
$acceptable 145 187 193 55 13 7
accepball 1 0 0
Acceptable 0 1 0
acceptably 1 0 0
acceptiable 0 2 0
acceptible 1 3 2
acetable 1 0 0
aceptable 1 1 1
aceptible 0 0 1
ackceptable 3 0 0
ackeptable 1 0 0
acksecetable 1 0 0
ackseptable 1 0 0
acseptable 1 0 0
actable 3 0 0
actceptable 0 1 0
actseptable 2 0 0
actsepterable 1 0 0
asseptable 1 0 0
axceptable 3 2 1
axceptiable 1 1 0
axeptable 1 0 0
ecceptable 1 0 0
exactible 1 0 0
exceptable 18 2 2
excepteable 1 0 0
exceptial 1 0 0
exceptible 1 0 0
exsaptible 1 0 0
exseptable 1 0 0
exsestible 1 0 0
exzeptable 1 0 0
$accommodate 64 105 82 136 95 118
accmodate 1 0 0
accodate 0 1 0
accomadate 7 7 7
accomadite 1 0 0
accomdate 0 1 1
accomidate 9 5 4
accommadate 0 3 0
accommdate 0 0 1
accommedate 0 1 0
accommidate 1 0 0
accommodation 0 1 0
accommondate 0 0 1
accomnadate 1 0 0
accomnodate 0 0 1
accomodat 0 0 1
accomodate 80 67 99
accomodaty 1 0 0
accomode 1 0 0
accomodiate 0 1 2
accomondate 1 0 0
accomondate 0 0 1
accondate 1 0 0
acomadate 5 0 0
acomidate 0 1 0
acommodate 4 3 0
acommodiate 0 1 0
acomodate 19 2 0
aconadate 1 0 0
acromodate 0 1 0
eccommodate 1 0 0
$accommodation 70 93 106 130 107 94
accamadation 1 0 0
accamation 1 0 0
accomadation 15 10 5
accomdation 4 1 0
accomdition 2 0 0
accomedation 3 2 0
accomidation 15 0 4
accommadation 2 0 1
accommadition 0 1 0
accommidation 1 0 0
accommodiation 1 0 0
accomodation 58 90 83
accommtation 1 0 0
accondutelion 1 0 0
acomadation 5 1 0
acomedation 2 0 0
acomidation 2 0 0
acommadition 0 0 1
acommodation 8 0 0
acomodation 2 2 0
addcomadiation 1 0 0
comadation 1 0 0
ecomodation 1 0 0
$accompanying 103 139 138 97 61 62
accampaninesing 1 0 0
accmpaning 1 0 0
accominating 1 0 0
accommampaning 0 1 0
accompagnying 0 0 1
accompaining 0 1 0
accompanied 1 1 4
accompaning 0 1 1
accompaning 51 38 34
accompanining 1 0 0
accompanning 2 0 1
accompany 6 6 18
accompaying 1 0 0
accompenied 1 0 0
accompening 1 1 0
accompied 0 1 0
accomping 1 2 3
accompining 1 2 0
accompning 3 0 0
accompnying 1 0 0
accomponing 0 1 0
accomponying 1 1 0
accompy 2 0 0
accompying 3 1 0
accompyning 1 0 0
acconpaning 1 0 0
acconpenying 1 0 0
accopaning 0 1 0
accumpanying 1 0 0
accumptaining 0 1 0
acommpanying 1 0 0
acompamion 1 0 0
acompanied 1 0 0
acompaning 2 0 0
acompanning 1 0 0
acompanying 2 2 0
acompning 1 0 0
acumaning 1 0 0
companying 1 0 0
occompanying 1 0 0
$accrued 23 73 134 177 127 66
accewed 1 0 0
accrewed 5 4 3
accrode 1 0 0
accrood 1 0 0
accrored 1 0 0
accroud 2 1 0
accroued 2 0 0
accrowved 1 1 0
accroved 2 0 0
accrud 2 2 1
accrude 54 51 28
accruded 2 1 1
accrue 0 1 3
accrueded 0 0 1
accruell 1 0 0
accruid 1 1 0
accruide 1 0 0
accrured 1 0 0
accrute 1 0 0
accruved 0 0 1
acctrade 1 0 0
accud 1 0 0
accude 5 0 0
accurate 1 0 0
accurde 1 1 0
accured 10 5 5
accurred 0 1 0
accurve 0 1 0
accused 1 0 0
achrue 0 0 1
ackcrewd 1 0 0
ackcrude 1 0 0
ackrewed 1 0 0
ackrude 1 0 0
ackruid 0 0 1
acording 1 0 0
acqured 1 0 0
acrauge 1 0 0
acrawed 1 0 0
acreud 1 0 0
acreued 0 0 1
acrewd 1 0 0
acrewed 3 3 0
acrewved 1 0 0
acrood 1 0 0
acroude 0 1 0
acroved 1 0 0
acrrued 1 0 0
acrud 0 1 0
acrude 33 26 5
acrued 6 7 9
acruied 0 1 0
acrute 1 0 0
acude 0 1 0
acurd 1 0 0
akcrewed 1 0 0
approve 0 4 0
approved 8 6 4
aprove 1 0 0
aquse 1 0 0
aturely 1 0 0
crude 0 4 0
curude 0 1 0
$accustomed 123 160 177 77 40 23
accomused 1 0 0
accostamned 1 0 0
accostemed 1 0 0
accostioum 1 0 0
accostmed 1 0 0
accostom 1 0 0
accostomed 8 1 4
accostumed 5 2 5
accostuned 0 1 0
accoustomed 3 0 0
accumotoned 1 0 0
accumstomed 1 0 0
accusstomed 0 0 1
accustinend 1 0 0
accustiomed 1 0 1
accustom 5 15 5
accustome 0 1 0
accustomend 1 0 0
accustomened 0 2 0
accustommed 0 1 0
accustomned 1 0 0
accustoned 2 1 0
accustumed 2 2 3
accutomed 1 0 0
acescintion 0 1 0
acomton 1 0 0
acostom 1 0 0
acostomed 3 1 0
acostum 1 0 0
acostumed 1 1 0
acusstomed 1 0 0
acustem 1 0 0
acustemed 1 0 0
acustimend 1 0 0
acustom 4 1 1
acustome 1 0 0
acustomed 15 6 1
acustomend 1 0 0
acustumed 1 1 0
ascostomend 1 0 0
ascumend 1 0 0
ascustomed 0 0 1
ocustommed 1 0 0
uccustumed 1 0 0
uscostumed 1 0 0
$acknowledging 136 183 190 64 17 10
accknowledging 1 0 0
accnoledgin 1 0 0
accnolegde 0 1 0
acknodgling 1 0 0
acknoldeing 1 0 0
acknoldge 1 0 0
acknoledging 4 0 0
acknolgeing 2 0 0
acknolidge 1 0 0
acknolleging 1 0 0
acknologing 1 0 0
acknowedge 1 0 0
acknowedging 1 0 0
acknowing 2 0 0
acknowkling 1 0 0
acknowladging 1 0 0
acknowlding 0 2 0
acknowldging 1 0 0
acknowleckging 1 0 0
acknowledeing 8 3 2
acknowledge 5 1 3
acknowledgeing 1 0 0
acknowledgly 0 1 0
acknowledgment 0 1 0
acknowleding 1 3 2
acknowledgeing 1 0 1
acknowleging 7 2 2
acknowlging 0 1 0
acknowliging 1 0 0
acknowling 0 1 0
acknowloding 1 0 0
acknownlegeing 1 0 0
aclongaly 1 0 0
acnolagaling 1 0 0
actknowledge 1 0 0
aknowledging 1 0 0
alknowgding 1 0 0
anackledge 1 0 0
ecknoligging 1 0 0
ecknowledging 4 0 0
ecknowlging 0 1 0
ecnowledging 1 0 0
ecnuliging 1 0 0
ecolinegly 1 0 0
egnoliging 1 0 0
ecomodyley 1 0 0
$acknowledgment 85 96 109 115 104 91
accknoldge 1 0 0
accknowledgement 2 1 0
accknowledgment 1 0 1
accknowlegment 1 0 0
accoldment 1 0 0
accolegement 0 0 1
accomnoltion 0 1 0
aceknowledgement 1 0 0
acknoldge 1 0 0
acknoledgement 5 1 0
acknoledgment 2 0 0
acknoledgmet 1 0 0
acknolegment 2 0 0
acknowayment 1 0 0
acknowedgement 1 0 0
acknowedgment 2 0 0
acknowelgement 0 1 0
acknowlegement 0 1 0
acknowldment 1 0 0
acknowledement 1 0 0
acknowledge 2 1 1
acknowledging 0 1 0
acknowledment 2 0 1
acknowledgement 68 86 84
acknowlegdement 1 1 0
acknowlegement 1 3 1
acknowlegment 2 1 1
acknowlment 0 1 0
ackolejement 1 0 0
ackouledge 0 1 0
ackownledgement 1 0 0
acnoldgement 1 0 0
acnoledgement 1 0 0
acnolegment 1 0 0
acnologement 1 0 0
acnowledgment 1 0 0
acquig 1 0 0
actknowlegment 1 0 0
agnowlegment 1 0 0
aknowledgement 1 0 0
aknowledgment 0 1 0
aknowlege 0 0 1
aqnowledgment 1 0 0
ecknowledgement 0 1 0
ecknowledgment 1 0 0
exconolidiemet 1 0 0
exnowledgment 1 0 0
knowledgement 0 1 0
$acquaintance 115 162 192 85 38 8
accountance 1 0 0
accquaintance 6 1 2
accquance 1 1 0
accquantence 1 0 0
accquantience 1 0 1
accquantince 1 0 0
accquatance 1 0 0
accquiantance 1 0 0
accuaintance 0 1 0
accuanteance 1 0 0
accuntence 1 0 0
ackquaintance 0 1 0
ackquanting 1 0 0
ackquitence 1 0 0
ackwaintance 1 1 0
acqauntance 1 0 0
acquaince 0 1 0
acquainenec 1 0 0
acquaint 1 0 0
acquaintaince 0 0 1
acquainted 2 0 0
acquaintence 15 12 2
acquaintiance 2 0 0
acquaints 2 0 0
acquaitance 1 0 0
acquance 2 0 0
acquanitence 1 0 0
acquantance 7 9 1
acquantants 1 0 0
acquantenc 0 0 1
acquantence 3 1 0
acquantiance 0 1 0
acquantice 0 1 0
acquantience 0 1 0
acquatience 1 0 0
acquiance 1 0 0
acquiantance 2 0 0
acqunatince 1 0 0
acquontence 1 0 0
acuquontence 1 0 0
aqquaintance 1 0 0
aqquantance 1 0 0
aquaintance 6 2 0
aquainted 1 0 0
aquaintence 1 0 0
aquaintents 1 0 0
aquaints 1 0 0
aquanitance 1 0 0
aquantaince 1 0 0
aquantance 1 0 0
aquantience 1 1 0
aquatance 1 2 0
aqucuntance 1 0 0
aquentance 1 0 0
aquentence 1 0 0
atquantes 1 0 0
occquance 0 1 0
$adequate 82 174 190 118 26 10
accoquict 1 0 0
actiquate 1 0 0
adaquat 4 0 0
adaquate 2 1 3
adaquet 6 3 1
adaquit 4 0 0
adccuet 1 0 0
addaquant 3 0 0
addeqcouate 1 0 0
addequake 2 0 0
addequite 3 0 0
adderquate 1 0 0
addict 0 1 0
addiequiet 0 1 0
addifite 1 0 0
addiquate 1 0 2
addiquit 3 6 0
addiqute 4 0 0
addquit 1 0 0
adecquect 1 0 0
adegate 1 0 0
adeqake 1 0 0
adequait 1 0 0
adequante 1 0 0
adequeat 1 0 0
adequet 6 3 0
adequete 1 0 0
adequette 2 0 0
adequit 5 2 0
adequite 0 0 2
adgat 1 0 0
adicivat 1 0 0
adicquate 1 0 0
adictract 1 0 0
adigute 4 0 0
adiquate 6 0 0
adiqueate 1 0 0
adiquit 13 0 0
adiquite 4 5 0
adiqut 1 0 0
adquante 1 0 0
adquate 2 0 1
adquated 1 0 0
adquit 3 1 0
adquites 1 0 0
adoqate 1 0 0
aduquote 0 1 0
arguait 1 0 0
atiquit 1 0 0
attaquit 1 0 0
attiquict 1 0 0
atuqut 1 0 0
edequait 1 0 0
ediquate 2 0 0
ediquet 1 0 0
ediquit 1 1 0
ediquitt 1 0 0
ediqutte 1 0 0
etiquette 0 0 1
etiquit 0 1 0
$adjourned 112 179 162 88 21 38
achered 1 0 0
acjjoriened 1 0 0
addjurned 1 0 0
adgerned 2 0 0
adjern 1 0 0
adjerned 1 0 0
adjoined 2 1 0
adjorened 1 0 0
adjorn 1 1 2
adjorned 3 1 30
adjouirned 1 0 0
adjouned 1 0 0
adjoured 1 0 0
adjourn 10 7 2
adjournaled 1 0 0
adjurden 1 0 0
adjurend 1 0 0
adjurion 1 0 0
adjurn 2 1 0
adjurned 30 3 4
adyerned 1 0 0
agerm 1 0 0
agreened 1 0 0
aguran 1 0 0
ajormed 1 0 0
ajorn 1 0 0
ajorned 1 1 0
ajourn 4 0 0
ajourned 9 5 0
ajumede 1 0 0
ajuned 1 0 0
ajurend 1 0 0
ajurened 1 0 0
ajurin 1 0 0
$affectionate 149 182 192 51 18 8
afectanant 1 0 0
afectantent 1 0 0
afectinite 1 0 0
afectionate 0 1 0
afectionet 0 1 0
affactionate 2 0 0
affctonote 0 0 1
affecant 1 0 0
affecconiate 0 1 0
affecianate 1 0 0
affecient 1 0 0
affecilation 1 0 0
effecinate 3 1 0
affecionate 3 1 1
affecitionate 1 0 0
affectanate 1 0 0
affectantly 1 0 0
affecte 1 0 0
affectened 1 0 0
affectimate 0 0 2
affectinate 2 2 0
affectinutate 1 0 0
affection 1 0 1
affectionant 1 1 0
affectionately 0 0 1 *
affectionatte 0 1 0
affectioned 0 2 1
affectionet 1 1 1
affectionnate 1 0 0
affectionnet 1 0 0
affectionote 1 0 0
affectionute 1 0 0
affectnent 1 0 0
affectnet 1 0 0
affectonate 0 1 0
affectunate 1 0 1
affectutate 1 0 0
afference 0 1 0
afficinate 0 1 0
affictionately 1 0 0
affionate 1 0 0
avetiont 1 0 0
effecionate 1 0 0
effection 2 0 0
effectionate 7 2 0
efficinate 0 1 0
effictent 1 0 0
$affectionately 111 167 190 89 33 10
adfectonly 1 0 0
adviciantly 1 0 0
afectionately 1 0 2
afextenatly 1 0 0
affactionately 1 0 0
affecentalaly 1 0 0
affecentally 1 2 0
affecionately 1 2 0
affecionatly 1 0 0
effectally 1 0 0
effectently 2 0 0
affectianetly 1 0 0
affectinalety 0 1 0
affectinally 1 0 0
affectinatly 1 0 0
affectintly 1 0 0
affectionally 3 6 1
affectionaly 4 0 2
affectionantly 1 0 0
affectionatly 17 6 1
affectionently 1 2 0
affectionetely 2 0 1
affectionetly 2 0 0
affectionlatly 0 1 0
affectionly 2 0 0
affectionsly 0 1 0
affectonatly 1 1 0
affectsolutely 1 0 0
affectually 1 0 0
affectuantly 1 0 0
affectunatly 2 0 1
affectunely 0 1 0
affetchently 1 0 0
afficiantly 2 0 0
afficionately 1 0 0
affictiratly 1 0 0
affientially 0 1 0
affoxintly 1 0 0
afichnly 1 0 0
afictionaelly 1 0 0
afuectionly 0 1 0
effecinately 2 0 0
effecitenly 1 0 0
effectinly 2 0 0
effectionally 2 0 0
effectionately 14 8 2
effectually 1 0 0
effextionally 1 0 0
efficantily 1 0 0
unfectionatley 1 0 0
$affidavit 77 111 150 123 89 50
acavated 1 0 0
adivide 1 0 0
afadafit 1 0 0
afadant 1 0 0
afadated 1 0 0
afadavate 0 1 0
afadaviate 1 0 0
afadavid 0 1 0
afadavide 1 0 0
afadavit 2 3 2
afadiadid 1 0 0
afadiatet 1 0 0
afadivite 1 0 0
afaedaviate 1 0 0
afardivient 1 0 0
afatait 1 0 0
afdavit 1 0 0
afdiodave 1 0 0
afedative 0 1 0
afedaved 1 0 0
afedavit 1 0 0
afefedavid 1 0 0
affadapfed 1 0 0
affa_dava 0 1 0
affadavat 1 0 0
affadavate 0 0 1
affadavid 3 1 0
affadavit 13 31 18
affadavite 1 2 2
affadivate 0 0 1
affadivid 0 1 0
affadivit 1 2 0
affadvit 0 1 0
affaidivit 0 1 0
affavidate 0 0 1
affavidit 1 0 0
affdated 3 0 0
affdavit 1 0 0
affedaivite 1 0 0
affedated 2 0 0
affedave 1 0 0
affedaved 1 0 0
affedavid 0 1 0
affedavit 3 0 0
affedit 1 0 0
affevivat 0 1 0
affiadait 0 0 1
affiavate 1 0 0
affidafet 0 0 1
affidait 0 1 0
affidaphet 0 1 0
affidate 1 1 0
affidated 1 1 0
affidatet 1 0 0
affidavat 0 1 1
affidavate 2 0 1
affidaved 1 1 1
affidavent 1 0 0
affidavid 7 4 4
Affi_David 1 0 0
affidavidit 0 1 0
affi-davit 0 1 0
affidavite 2 8 6
affidavited 0 1 0
affided 1 0 0
affidevit 1 0 1
affidivat 1 1 0
affidivit 1 0 0
affidovt 1 0 0
affivadat 1 0 0
affividate 0 1 0
affividative 0 1 0
afftadave 1 0 0
afidabit 0 0 1
afidaded 1 0 0
afidated 3 0 0
afidaved 1 1 0
afidaviat 0 0 1
afidavid 6 3 0
Afi_David 1 0 0
afidavit 7 1 2
afidavite 0 1 0
afidefed 1 0 0
afidiated 1 0 0
afodivid 1 0 0
aftedavid 0 1 0
afteradeated 1 0 0
alpadavid 1 0 0
apadenment 1 0 0
aphadated 1 0 0
aphadavet 0 1 0
aphadavid 0 1 0
aphedavid 1 0 0
aphidavit 0 2 0
aphadivode 0 1 0
apitated 1 0 0
appidavid 1 0 0
athadavid 1 0 0
athadavit 0 1 0
athadiet 1 0 0
attipdavid 0 1 0
avadavate 1 0 0
avidated 0 1 0
avidiate 1 0 0
effidavit 0 0 1
$agencies 115 181 193 85 19 7
acentces 1 0 0
adgencyes 1 0 0
agancyes 1 0 0
agecies 1 0 0
agences 4 0 0
agencesy 1 0 0
agenceys 1 0 0
agencieces 1 0 0
agencsies 1 0 0
agency 9 3 0
agencyes 2 0 0
agencyies 1 0 0
agencys 18 4 2
agency's 1 2 0
agenices 1 1 0
agenies 3 0 0
agensies 2 1 0
agensyes 1 0 0
agentcies 4 0 0
agentcy 1 0 0
agentcys 1 0 0
agentece 0 1 0
agentecy 1 0 0
agentic 1 0 0
agentices 0 1 0
agenticies 1 0 0
agenties 3 1 0
agentisies 1 1 0
agents 2 0 0
agentses 1 1 0
agentsey 1 0 0
agentseys 1 0 0
agentsies 2 0 0
agentsys 1 0 0
aggencies 1 1 0
aggentecies 1 0 0
angcies 1 0 0
angecy 1 0 0
angencies 5 1 4
angencles 1 0 0
angencys 1 0 0
egeneys 1 0 0
engencies 1 0 0
$all_right 96 121 83 104 79 117
all-ready 0 0 1
allright 26 0 2
all-right 30 0 16
all_wright 1 0 0
alright 42 79 98
al-right 1 0 0
al_right 1 0 0
alrite 1 0 0
alwright 2 0 0
$alumni 103 149 171 97 51 29
alamina 0 1 0
alimui 0 1 0
allumi 2 0 0
allumine 1 0 0
allumini 1 0 0
allumn 1 0 0
allumna 1 0 0
allumnae 0 0 1
allumney 1 0 0
allumni 8 8 3
allumnie 1 0 0
allumny 4 0 0
allunie 1 0 0
alluniny 1 0 0
allunmini 1 0 0
almni 1 0 0
almue 1 0 0
alongny 1 0 0
aloumey 1 0 0
aluimna 1 0 0
aluma 2 0 0
alumanae 0 0 1
alumani 1 1 0
alumany 1 0 0
alumbine 1 0 0
alumi 6 1 2
alumie 1 0 0
alumin 1 1 0
alumini 10 2 2
aluminie 3 0 0
aluminum 1 1 0
alummne 1 0 0
alumn 0 1 0
alumna 4 6 0
alumnae 0 17 20
alumnee 0 1 0
alumnia 5 0 0
alumnie 2 1 0
alumnigh 2 0 0
alumnii 0 2 0
alumnis 0 1 0
alumnium 1 1 0
alumny 6 0 0
alumog 1 0 0
alumuna 0 2 0
alumuni 1 1 0
alunie 2 0 0
alunina 0 1 0
aluny 2 0 0
anlumni 1 0 0
anumny 1 0 0
elemni 1 0 0
illumna 1 0 0
illumni 3 1 0
ilumi 1 0 0
iluminun 1 0 0
ilumni 1 0 0
ilunni 1 0 0
ulluni 1 0 0
ulumnigh 1 0 0
umluiny 1 0 0
$amiable 166 143 155 134 57 45
abaimable 1 0 0
aimabable 1 0 0
aimabial 1 0 0
aimable 13 13 6
aimably 1 0 0
aimaible 0 1 1
aimeable 14 2 8
aimealable 1 0 0
aimeble 1 0 0
aimeible 0 1 0
aimeualable 1 0 0
aimeuball 1 0 0
aimiable 19 12 19
aimiably 1 0 0
aimible 1 0 0
aimmiable 1 0 0
aimnabul 1 0 0
aimuable 6 0 0
aimuble 2 0 0
aimyable 1 0 0
aineable 1 0 0
alibable 1 0 0
alienable 1 0 0
alliable 1 0 0
amably 1 0 0
amable 3 2 0
amabull 1 0 0
amaiable 0 1 0
ameable 10 3 1
ameably 1 0 0
ameble 1 0 0
ameiable 2 0 0
ameial 2 0 0
amenable 0 0 1
amianable 0 0 1
amibiable 1 0 0
amible 0 0 2
amicable 0 1 0
amieable 2 1 0
amigably 1 0 0
amim 0 1 0
amimable 1 0 1
aminable 2 3 0
amioble 1 0 0
ammeiable 2 0 0
ammiable 3 4 1
ammibable 0 0 1
ammible 0 2 1
ammidal 0 1 0
ammyable 1 0 0
amnable 1 0 0
amnible 2 0 0
amuabile 1 0 0
amuable 1 1 0
amyable 1 0 0
amyiable 1 0 0
anemable 1 0 0
aniable 1 0 0
animable 1 3 1
animalable 1 0 0
aninably 1 0 0
anniable 1 0 0
annilable 1 0 0
anyable 1 0 0
aviable 1 0 0
aviaval 1 0 0
bresenaple 1 0 0
emeable 1 0 0
emiable 1 0 0
iamialable 0 1 0
imapeal 1 0 0
kindly 1 0 0
$analysis 88 165 192 112 35 8
analagys 0 1 0
alalasis 2 0 0
analasys 0 0 1
analasysis 1 0 0
analaysis 3 0 0
analazy 1 0 0
analazyis 1 0 0
analess 1 0 0
analias 1 0 0
analiasus 1 0 0
analices 3 0 0
analicis 1 0 0
analises 1 1 0
analisies 1 0 0
analisis 8 3 0
analisise 1 0 0
analisous 1 0 0
analiss 1 0 0
analissis 1 0 0
analisyics 1 0 0
analisys 1 1 0
analizes 0 0 1
anallausus 1 0 0
anallisec 1 0 0
anallises 2 0 0
anallysis 1 1 0
analoyas 1 0 0
analsis 1 1 0
analsys 0 1 0
analyes 0 1 0
analygus 1 0 0
analyisis 1 0 0
analys 1 0 0
analyse 1 2 0
analyses 1 5 1
analysys 1 0 0
analyzes 1 0 0
analyzise 1 0 0
ananalysis 1 0 0
anaslis 1 0 0
anatislus 1 0 0
anayalis 0 1 0
anayalsis 0 2 0
anayles 1 0 0
anaylis 1 0 0
anaylisis 2 0 0
anaylsis 0 2 1
anaylusis 1 0 0
anella 1 0 0
anilestic 1 0 0
anlices 1 0 0
aniliar 0 1 0
anlisles 1 0 0
annalases 1 0 0
annalasias 1 0 0
annalasis 2 0 0
annalisas 1 0 0
annaliscis 1 0 0
annalises 0 1 0
annalisis 0 0 1
annalisise 1 0 0
annalisises 1 0 0
annalisous 1 0 0
annaliss 0 1 0
annalizes 2 0 0
annallasis 1 0 0
annaloses 1 0 0
annalsutes 1 0 0
annalyasis 1 0 0
annalyis 2 0 0
annalylisis 1 0 0
annalysis 15 8 2
annasislys 1 0 0
annaylis 1 0 0
annaylisis 1 0 0
anneylesses 1 0 0
annicalys 1 0 0
annlazes 1 0 0
annsylis 1 0 0
annylas 1 0 0
annylasis 1 0 0
annylis 2 0 0
annylsis 1 0 0
anolysis 1 0 0
any_aliss 0 1 0
anyelsis 0 1 0
enalicis 1 0 0
unalisis 1 0 0
$anniversary 84 142 162 116 58 38
Amanversery 1 0 0
amryvercary 1 0 0
ananersery 1 0 0
ananversery 1 0 0
anarversieiy 1 0 0
anaveres 0 1 0
anaversery 0 1 0
anaversie 1 0 0
anaversity 0 2 0
anavirsary 8 2 1
anavorasy 1 0 0
anavuature 0 1 0
anerversary 1 0 0
aneversarry 1 0 0
aneversery 3 0 0
aneversiary 1 0 0
anirversary 1 0 0
anivarisy 1 0 0
aniversary 13 19 15
aniverserary 1 0 0
aniverseray 1 0 0
aniversery 8 4 2
aniversity 2 2 1
aniversy 1 1 0
anivrsary 0 0 1
anmersersy 1 0 0
annaversary 7 6 1
annaverserie 1 0 0
annaversery 0 0 1
annaversiry 1 0 0
annaversity 0 0 2
annaversrey 1 0 0
annerfversy 1 0 0
annerverarcy 1 0 0
annerversery 1 0 0
annervesary 1 0 0
annevarcery 1 0 0
anneversary 6 2 0
anneversers 1 0 0
anneversery 0 1 0
anneversies 1 0 0
annevyercy 1 0 0
anniverary 2 0 0
annivercery 1 0 0
anniverisy 1 0 0
anniversaries 0 1 0
Anniversary 1 0 0
anniversay 1 1 1
anniverscy 0 0 1
anniverseray 0 1 0
anniversery 13 5 5
anniverserys 1 0 0
anniversily 0 1 0
anniversiory 0 1 0
anniversiry 1 0 0
anniversity 2 3 1
anniversty 1 0 0
anniversy 4 1 1
annivirsary 1 0 0
annversary 0 1 0
annversy 1 0 1
Annyver 1 0 0
anternesery 1 0 0
anversa 1 0 0
anverseary 1 0 0
anverserice 1 0 0
anversicy 0 0 1
anversity 1 0 0
anversy 1 0 0
anvertery 0 1 0
Eenarcrsity 1 0 0
onniver 1 0 0
$annoyance 97 157 183 103 43 17
amnoiance 2 0 0
anailnae 1 0 0
anioence 0 1 0
anlouince 1 0 0
annoance 3 1 0
annoence 2 0 0
annoiance 6 5 3
annoieance 0 1 0
annoience 3 1 1
annoiences 1 0 0
annoinance 0 0 1
annoince 0 1 0
annoinse 1 0 0
annonce 0 1 0
annonience 1 0 0
annonyance 1 0 0
annouance 2 1 0
annouence 0 1 0
announance 1 0 0
announce 3 1 0
announces 1 0 0
announence 1 0 0
announs 0 1 0
annouses 1 0 0
annouyous 0 1 0
annoyancy 0 0 1
annoyence 5 0 0
annoyience 1 0 0
annoynce 1 0 0
annoyon 1 0 0
annoyounce 0 1 0
annoys 1 0 0
anoiance 6 2 1
anoianes 1 0 0
anoience 4 0 0
anoines 1 0 0
anoinois 1 0 0
anoints 1 0 0
anoisen 0 1 0
anonance 1 0 0
anonyance 0 0 1
anouance 2 0 0
anounce 2 0 0
anounces 1 0 0
anouyance 0 1 0
anoyance 30 20 7
anoyence 3 0 2
anoyianse 1 0 0
anoynance 0 1 0
anoynas 1 0 0
anvonance 1 0 0
anyance 1 0 0
ennayance 1 0 0
enoience 2 0 0
enoince 1 0 0
enoyance 1 0 0
unoiense 1 0 0
$annum 75 123 166 125 77 34
alum 1 0 0
aman 1 0 0
aminat 0 1 0
amion 1 0 0
ammend 1 0 0
ammond 1 0 0
anam 14 2 0
anama 4 0 0
aname 0 1 1
anamn 2 1 0
anan 1 0 0
anathm 0 0 1
anatom 1 0 0
anaum 0 1 0
anaym 0 1 0
andum 1 0 0
andunaus 1 0 0
anem 2 1 0
anema 1 0 0
anim 0 1 0
anima 0 1 0
animal 0 2 1
animan 2 0 0
animum 1 0 1
aninum 0 1 0
aniom 0 2 0
anium 2 2 0
anm 1 1 0
anmim 0 1 0
anmom 1 0 0
anmon 1 1 0
annam 6 0 1
annama 0 1 0
annamum 0 1 0
annaum 1 0 0
annem 0 1 0
annema 0 1 0
annim 1 0 0
annima 1 0 0
annion 1 0 0
annium 0 0 3
annom 4 6 1
annome 0 1 0
annomon 1 0 0
annon 1 0 1
annond 1 0 0
annoup 1 0 0
annuam 1 0 0
annuim 1 0 0
annumn 1 1 0
annym 1 0 0
anom 14 9 4
anoma 1 0 0
anon 2 0 0
anoum 2 0 0
anoun 1 0 0
anoym 0 1 0
antem 1 1 0
antom 4 2 0
antym 1 0 0
anuam 1 0 0
anuan 1 0 0
anum 24 21 12
anume 2 0 0
anumn 1 1 1
anun 0 1 0
anuum 0 1 0
anyim 1 0 0
anym 0 0 1
atom 1 0 3
aunum 0 1 1
enema 0 1 0
onim 0 1 0
onnoun 1 0 0
peranam 1 0 0
$anticipate 142 180 198 58 20 2
ancipipate 1 0 0
antecipate 1 0 1
anthisapate 1 0 0
anticabate 1 0 0
anticapate 2 1 0
anticapting 0 1 0
anticcipate 1 0 0
anticepate 0 2 0
anticipat 1 0 0
anticipated 0 1 0 *
anticipiat 1 0 0
anticipitate 1 1 0
anticpate 0 1 0
anticupate 1 0 0
antisapait 1 0 0
antisapate 14 1 0
antisapite 1 0 0
antisapt 1 0 0
antiscipate 3 0 0
antiseipe 1 0 0
antisepate 1 0 0
antisipat 1 0 0
antisipate 15 8 1
antispater 0 1 0
antisopat 1 0 0
antisp 1 0 0
antispate 1 3 0
antissapate 1 0 0
antysipate 1 0 0
entesepate 1 0 0
instipated 1 0 0
inticipate 0 1 0
$anticipation 132 176 191 68 24 9
ansipration 1 0 0
antapacation 0 1 0
antcipation 0 2 1
antecipation 0 0 1
antesipation 1 0 0
anticapation 9 2 0
anticepation 1 0 1
anticipate 1 0 0
anticipating 2 0 0
anticipitation 0 0 1
anticption 0 1 0
antictapion 1 0 0
antipation 1 2 0
antisapason 1 0 0
antisapation 18 2 0
antiscipation 1 1 1
antisepation 2 2 0
antisipation 22 7 3
antispataion 0 1 0
antispation 1 0 0
antisphacient 0 1 0
antissipation 1 0 0
aticipation 1 0 0
atipicatience 1 0 0
atisipation 1 0 0
elligation 1 0 0
inticipition 1 0 0
$anticipating 116 175 189 84 25 11
ancisapating 0 0 1
anntisapating 1 0 0
anntisipation 1 0 0
antasipation 0 1 0
antcspating 1 0 0
antecipating 1 0 0
antiapating 0 0 1
anticap 1 0 0
anticapate 1 0 0
anticapating 5 5 2
anticapting 2 0 0
anticepating 3 1 0
anticicitating 1 0 0
anticipate 3 3 0
anticipateing 1 0 1
anticiputed 0 2 1
anticipation 4 0 1
anticipitating 0 0 1
anticipting 1 0 0
anticopening 1 0 0
anticpating 2 0 0
antisapating 17 2 0
antisapit 1 0 0
antisapiting 1 0 0
antiscimation 0 0 1
antiscipating 0 1 1
antisepate 1 0 0
antisepating 1 0 0
antisipainting 1 0 0
antisipating 21 8 1
antisispating 1 0 0
antispating 3 1 0
antistipating 1 1 0
antisupate 2 0 0
antizapating 1 0 0
antiecpating 1 0 0
atticpate 1 0 0
taniseapating 1 0 0
$anxiety 72 160 195 128 40 5
agasity 1 0 0
agsity 1 0 0
ainiaty 1 0 0
anaxiety 2 0 0
ancioty 2 0 0
anciticty 1 0 0
ancity 1 0 1
anexity 0 1 0
anicity 1 0 0
ang 1 0 0
angaisty 0 1 0
angciaty 1 0 0
angeiety 1 0 0
angienty 1 0 0
angisiaty 1 1 0
angisiety 1 0 0
angisity 2 0 0
angity 1 0 0
angseit 1 0 0
angsiety 4 1 0
angsity 1 0 0
angsyity 2 0 0
anguisity 1 0 0
angzetily 1 0 0
angziaty 1 0 0
angzietay 1 0 0
angziety 13 0 0
angzitity 1 0 0
angzity 10 2 0
aniaty 1 0 0
anicty 1 0 0
anieity 1 0 0
aniety 1 0 0
aniexty 0 2 0
anisaty 1 0 0
anixity 1 1 0
ansiaty 1 0 0
ansiazaty 1 0 0
ansiety 3 5 0
ansight 1 0 0
ansir 1 0 0
ansisity 1 0 0
ansitty 1 0 0
ansixy 1 0 0
ansxeity 0 0 1
anxiaty 4 5 0
anxiciety 1 0 0
anxieety 1 0 0
anxietty 1 2 0
anxioty 0 0 1
anxioucy 1 0 0
anxiousemy 0 1 0
anxiousity 0 1 0
anxiously 0 1 0
anxioutly 1 2 0
anxiouty 1 2 0
anxity 5 6 2
anysiaty 0 1 0
anyzity 1 1 0
anzaitty 1 0 0
anzealy 1 0 0
anzenty 1 0 0
anziaty 1 1 0
anziety 5 1 0
anziite 1 0 0
anziote 1 0 0
anzitee 1 0 0
anzity 7 2 0
axieaty 1 0 0
axiety 4 0 0
axxiety 1 0 0
eangitly 1 0 0
engity 1 0 0
exanity 1 0 0
exitey 1 0 0
exzity 1 0 0
inisity 1 0 0
$apology 94 168 187 106 32 13
abology 1 0 0
apalogy 1 0 0
aplogy 2 0 0
aployage 1 0 0
apogizly 1 0 0
apohlyage 1 0 0
apolajoy 1 0 0
apoladgy 1 0 0
apolage 2 0 0
apolagie 1 0 0
apolagy 3 0 0
apolegy 1 2 0
apolgize 0 1 0
apolgy 3 0 0
apolige 4 1 0
apoliger 1 0 0
apoligy 15 2 0
apologe 1 1 0
apologey 1 0 0
apologie 3 1 0
apologies 2 2 0
apologig 1 0 0
apologize 0 1 0
apobyg 1 0 0
apolygy 2 2 0
appalegye 1 0 0
appolage 1 0 0
appolagy 1 0 0
appolegy 2 0 0
appolige 4 0 0
appoligy 11 1 2
appolizy 1 0 0
appologey 1 0 0
appologize 1 0 0
appology 22 16 11
appolyize 1 0 0
apoligie 1 0 0
apolyge 1 0 0
opoligoy 1 0 0
opoligy 1 0 0
opology 4 0 0
opolyye 0 1 0
opplige 1 0 0
$apparent 138 185 193 62 15 7
aparaent 1 0 0
aparant 4 0 0
aparent 16 6 0
aparot 1 0 0
aperant 2 0 0
apparant 18 7 3
apparient 1 0 2
appearent 3 1 0
apperant 9 1 1
apperent 2 0 0
apprarent 1 0 0
appreant 1 0 0
apprent 1 0 0
aprent 1 0 1
parent 1 0 0
$apparently 125 167 187 75 33 13
aparantly 5 0 0
aparanty 0 0 1
aparentely 1 0 0
aparently 5 2 0
apparanly 1 0 0
apparantely 10 2 0
apparantly 18 14 7
apparately 1 1 0
appareantly 0 0 1
apparentally 0 0 1
apparentaly 0 1 0
apparentely 1 0 0
apparentley 1 0 0
apparentlly 4 0 0
apparetly 1 0 0
appariately 1 0 0
appariently 2 0 0
apparinately 1 0 0
apparintally 1 0 0
apparintly 1 1 0
apparitly 1 0 0
apparnely 1 0 0
apparntely 0 1 0
apparntly 1 0 0
apparrently 1 0 0
appartenately 1 0 0
appearantly 2 1 1
appearentaly 0 1 0
appearently 4 2 1
apperente 0 1 0
apperently 3 3 0
appertentaly 0 0 1
apporently 2 0 0
appranentaly 1 0 0
apprantly 0 1 0
apprently 1 0 0
$appetite 100 160 183 100 40 17
apatiet 1 0 0
apatight 1 0 0
apatite 3 0 0
apepite 0 1 0
apeptite 1 0 0
apetitate 0 0 1
apetite 6 7 2
apitate 1 0 0
apitite 11 1 1
appaiate 1 0 0
appaite 1 0 0
appatite 14 4 2
appeatite 1 0 0
appecite 1 0 0
appeiate 1 0 0
appeite 1 0 0
appetiat 2 0 0
appatiate 1 0 0
appetiete 1 0 0
appetitale 0 1 0
appetitite 0 2 1
appette 0 1 0
appiete 0 1 0
appietite 0 1 0
appitate 3 0 0
appite 2 1 0
appitete 0 1 0
appitiate 2 0 0
appitite 37 16 10
appititle 0 1 0
appitlie 0 1 0
appretate 1 0 0
appretite 0 1 0
apptitate 1 0 0
aptite 2 0 0
$appropriate 87 152 187 113 48 13
abpropate 1 0 0
apperate 1 0 0
appiopiate 1 0 0
appoate 1 0 0
appomenent 1 0 0
appopriate 1 0 0
apporate 0 1 0
apporepate 1 0 0
apporpreate 1 0 0
apporpriate 0 0 2
appration 0 1 0
appreate 1 0 0
appreciate 1 0 0
appreiate 1 0 0
appriate 2 0 0
appricate 1 0 0
appriotate 1 0 0
appriote 0 1 0
approate 7 1 0
approgeate 1 0 0
approiate 1 1 0
appromieate 1 0 0
appropate 4 3 0
appropeate 1 1 0
approperate 5 4 2
appropiate 21 14 5
appropirate 1 1 0
approprate 7 2 1
appropreate 23 7 1
appropreiate 1 0 0
appropriae 1 0 0
appropriat 2 0 0
appropriatte 0 0 1
approproate 0 1 0
approrait 1 0 0
approrate 1 0 0
approriate 1 1 0
apprortiate 0 0 1
approtate 0 0 1
approtreate 1 0 0
apprraite 1 0 0
apriate 1 0 0
aprongate 1 0 0
apropate 1 0 0
apropenote 1 0 0
apropoate 1 0 0
approppriate 0 1 0
apropreate 3 1 0
apropriate 1 3 1
aprorate 1 0 0
arpatate 1 0 0
oppratorate 1 0 0
$approximate 116 165 192 84 35 8
abpricate 1 0 0
abrusimate 1 0 0
apoximate 2 1 0
appamate 1 0 0
appoccimate 1 0 0
appocimate 0 1 0
apporcimate 1 0 0
apporoxinate 1 0 0
appoximate 1 0 1
approcamate 1 0 0
approccmate 1 0 0
approciamate 0 1 0
approcimate 0 1 0
approckiate 1 0 0
approckmate 1 0 0
approcksament 1 0 0
approcomate 0 0 1
approcremate 1 0 0
approcsiment 1 0 0
approimaze 1 0 0
approiximate 0 1 0
appromate 2 1 0
appromimate 1 0 0
appromuite 0 1 0
appronaxied 0 1 0
approsamate 1 0 0
approsumate 1 0 0
approvimate 0 1 1
approxamante 1 0 0
approxamate 12 0 1
approxament 1 0 0
approxamite 1 0 0
approxcimate 1 0 0
approxcmate 1 0 0
approxemate 1 1 1
approxiament 0 1 0
approxiamte 1 0 0
approxiate 0 1 0
approximant 1 0 0
approximately 1 0 0 *
approximent 3 0 0
approxinate 1 0 0
approxmate 0 1 0
approxomate 1 6 1
aprocamate 1 0 0
aprocatmate 0 1 0
aprocimant 1 0 0
aprocmate 1 0 0
aprocsamate 1 0 0
apromate 1 0 0
aprominate 0 1 0
aproserate 1 0 0
aproxamate 3 1 0
aproximate 11 10 1
aproximent 1 0 0
aproxmate 1 0 0
aproxsimate 1 0 0
oppracnate 1 0 0
opproxamate 2 1 0
opproximate 1 0 0
opproxomant 1 0 0
prosmate 1 0 0
$approximately 77 145 186 123 55 14
acprocimatly 1 0 0
acproxapenly 1 0 0
acproximently 1 1 0
aposimatly 1 0 0
apoximatly 1 0 0
appoxamently 1 0 0
appoxantly 1 0 0
appoximately 1 2 1
approachmently 1 0 0
approarimatly 1 0 0
approcimantly 1 0 0
approcimate 1 0 0
approcimately 1 0 0
approcimatly 2 0 0
approcimently 1 0 0
approcinately 1 0 0
approcoimently 1 0 0
approcxmately 0 0 1
approimially 1 0 0
appromaitly 1 0 0
appromariley 1 0 0
appromaxiately 0 1 0
appromentally 1 0 0
appromentaly 1 0 0
appromexally 0 1 0
appromimly 1 0 0
appromixaly 0 1 0
appromixately 0 1 0
approperatly 1 0 0
approrilmately 1 0 0
approsemently 1 0 0
approsomently 1 0 0
approxamately 10 0 0
approxamatly 2 1 0
approxamentely 2 0 0
approxametly 2 0 0
approxamontly 1 0 0
approxanatly 1 0 0
approxamently 2 0 0
approxiamatly 0 1 0
approxiametely 0 1 0
approxiametly 1 0 0
approximatingly 1 0 0
approximatly 5 9 4
approximentally 0 3 0
approximently 3 4 1
approximinately 0 1 0
approximitely 2 0 0
approximitly 2 0 1
approximity 0 1 0
approxinatly 1 0 0
approxitaly 0 1 0
approxmatally 0 1 0
approxmately 3 0 0
approxmatily 0 1 0
approxmatly 0 1 0
approxmently 1 0 0
approxmetly 1 0 0
approxmiately 0 1 0
approxomantly 1 0 0
approxomately 1 1 1
approxomatly 2 1 0
approxonately 0 1 0
appxoromatly 1 0 0
aprocemently 0 1 0
aprockamently 1 0 0
aprockemly 1 0 0
aprocimately 1 0 0
aprocmently 1 0 0
aprocmetly 1 0 0
aprocomently 1 0 0
aprocumently 1 0 0
apromaly 1 0 0
aprominaxley 1 0 0
aprosomately 1 0 0
aprosommently 1 0 0
aproxamately 2 1 0
aproxamatly 1 0 0
aproxamently 1 0 0
aproxcintly 1 0 0
aproxiatly 0 1 0
aproximately 7 5 4
aproximatly 5 3 0
aproximently 5 2 0
aproximitty 0 1 0
aproximonthly 0 1 0
aproximotely 0 1 0
aproxinantly 1 0 0
aproxmentally 1 0 0
aproxmetly 1 0 0
aproxmiatilly 0 1 0
aproxomated 0 1 0
apxormanately 1 0 0
axkprocanlently 1 0 0
axprocksimadle 1 0 0
ococmonty 1 0 0
opproxamatly 2 0 0
opproxsimately 1 0 0
$arrangements 141 183 194 59 17 6
araingments 1 0 0
arangaments 1 0 0
arangement 1 0 0
arangements 12 2 1
arangments 5 1 0
arargements 1 0 0
arigments 0 0 1
arragements 1 0 0
arraingements 1 0 1
arraingments 1 0 1
arramgements 1 0 0
arramgments 1 0 0
arrangemence 1 0 0
arrangement 6 4 0
arrangenent 1 0 0
arrangesments 1 0 0
arrangment 1 0 0
arrangments 21 10 2
arrangnents 1 0 0
$ascertain 66 151 175 134 49 25
accertain 9 12 3
accertained 0 1 2
acertain 7 6 7
acertained 1 1 1
ascertaine 0 1 0
ascertained 2 10 6 *
ascertan 0 1 0
ascertiau 1 0 1
ascertoined 0 1 0
ascurtain 0 1 0
asentain 1 0 0
asertain 16 1 0
asertained 3 0 0
assatain 1 0 0
asscertain 2 0 0
assertain 62 14 6
assertainal 1 0 0
assertaine 3 0 0
assertained 11 4 3
assertaining 0 1 0
assertant 0 0 1
assertion 0 1 0
assortain 0 1 0
assrtain 0 0 1
asstained 1 0 0
assterane 1 0 0
asstertain 0 1 0
assurtain 2 0 0
assurtained 3 0 0
asterane 1 0 0
astertain 2 1 0
astertained 1 0 0
asurtaine 1 0 0
asurtand 0 1 0
asurtane 1 0 0
$attaching 153 184 191 47 16 9
actacting 1 0 0
acttaching 1 0 0
apatching 1 0 0
ataching 2 1 0
atacing 1 0 0
atashing 1 0 0
atatching 3 0 0
atcatching 2 0 0
atcating 1 0 0
atching 1 0 0
atocjoes 1 0 0
atouching 1 0 0
attachaing 1 0 0
attache 0 0 1
attachea 0 1 0
attached 0 0 2
attacheing 1 0 0
attachion 0 1 0
attacking 2 1 3
attactching 1 1 0
attacting 6 3 0
attashing 1 0 0
attatchig 0 1 0
attatching 10 5 3
attationing 1 0 0
attatsetting 1 0 0
attching 2 0 0
attecting 1 0 0
atticating 1 0 0
attiching 1 0 0
attracting 0 1 0
otacting 1 0 0
$attorneys 127 150 165 73 50 35
aternies 1 0 0
atorneys 0 1 0
atourneys 2 1 0
atournys 1 0 0
atterenys 1 0 0
atterinies 0 0 1
atterneys 3 0 0
atternies 2 0 0
atternys 1 0 0
attonereys 1 0 0
attoneys 1 0 0
attorneies 1 1 0
attorneis 1 0 0
attornenies 1 0 0
attorney 4 1 1
attorney's 13 8 1
attornies 14 24 21
attorniies 0 1 0
attornites 0 1 0
attornnies 0 2 0
attornties 0 1 0
attornyes 1 0 0
attornys 4 5 4
attorny's 0 0 1
attoronies 0 1 0
attourneis 0 1 0
attourneys 8 2 5
attourney's 1 0 0
attournies 1 0 0
attourny 1 0 0
attournyes 1 0 0
attournys 1 0 0
atturney- 1 0 0
atturneys 2 0 0
atturnies 2 0 0
aturneys 1 0 0
aturning 1 0 0
aturnyes 1 0 0
$auditorium 122 175 196 78 25 4
adatorum 0 1 0
additorium 1 0 0
adetoreum 1 0 0
aditorium 2 3 1
aditorum 1 0 0
aduitorum 1 0 0
aduoteriam 1 0 0
adutorium 1 0 0
allortomdd 1 0 0
allturman 1 0 0
arudtiorze 1 0 0
attoram 1 0 0
attorium 1 0 0
audaterame 1 0 0
audatoreum 1 0 0
audatorium 1 1 0
audatorum 1 0 0
audetorium 0 1 0
audetorn 0 1 0
audiatorum 1 0 0
audiortium 0 1 0
audiotorium 0 0 1
auditarium 1 0 0
auditiorm 1 0 0
auditoium 1 0 0
auditor 0 1 0
auditoreum 1 0 0
auditorial 0 1 1
auditoriam 5 1 0
auditorim 4 0 0
auditorimn 1 0 0
auditorinum 0 1 0
auditoriom 1 0 0
auditoriumn 1 0 0
auditoriun 1 0 0
auditorm 0 1 0
auditormeon 1 0 0
auditormunen 1 0 0
auditorum 15 4 0
auditorumen 1 0 0
auditory 1 0 0
auditorym 1 0 0
auditoryum 1 0 0
auditouim 1 0 0
auditourin 1 0 0
auditoruium 1 0 0
audortorium 0 1 1
audortum 1 0 0
audotorium 1 0 0
autatorom 2 0 0
autatorum 1 0 0
authorium 0 1 0
autitorium 2 2 0
autitorum 2 0 0
autorm 1 0 0
autormen 0 1 0
autoruim 2 0 0
autorum 0 1 0
autotorium 1 0 0
auttortism 1 0 0
oratoroum 1 0 0
ottatorium 1 0 0
ouditorium 1 0 0
$bankruptcy 90 151 170 110 49 30
bamkrupy 1 0 0
bamkrupsy 1 0 0
banckrepsy 1 0 0
banckrupsey 3 0 0
bancruptcy 0 1 0
bancupsy 0 1 0
bankburtcy 1 0 0
bankrauptsy 0 1 0
bankrucpty 0 0 1
bankrucpy 0 1 0
bankrucy 2 2 0
Bankrucy 0 0 1
bankrupcie 1 0 0
bankrupcy 36 26 17
bank-rupecy 1 0 0
bankrupercy 1 0 0
bankrupersy 1 0 0
bankrupes 1 0 0
bankrupicy 1 0 0
bankruposy 1 0 0
bankruppect 1 0 0
bankrupsay 0 1 0
bankrupscy 1 0 0
bankrupsicy 1 0 0
bankrupsie 1 0 0
bankrupsy 22 5 2
bank_rupsy 1 0 0
bank-rupsy 2 0 0
bankrupt 0 1 0
bankruptcey 1 0 0
bankruptcie 1 0 0
bankruptercy 1 0 0
bankruptes 1 0 0
bankruptic 1 0 0
bankrupticy 1 0 0
bankruptsey 1 0 0
bankruptsy 10 7 9
bank-ruptsy 1 0 0
bankruptucy 1 0 0
bankruptsay 0 1 0
bankruptscy 1 0 0
bankrupty 1 0 0
Bankrupty 1 0 0
bankrupuy 1 0 0
bankrupy 1 0 0
banktrupancy 0 1 0
banzuebrupsy 1 0 0
bonkrucpty 1 0 0
bonkrupsy 1 0 0
bunkscrupt 1 0 0
forkrupsy 1 0 0
$basketball 154 157 137 46 43 63
bascketball 1 0 0
bascket-ball 1 0 0
baskball 1 0 0
baskeball 2 0 0
basketbale 1 0 0
basket-ball 36 42 58
basket-Ball 0 1 0
Basketball 1 0 4
Basket-Ball 1 0 0
Basket_ball 0 0 1
baskt-ball 1 0 0
bastestball 1 0 0
$beneficial 111 148 177 89 52 23
beinafiencal 0 1 0
bemeficial 0 1 0
benaficial 2 0 0
bencifial 2 0 0
benecifial 1 0 0
benefactor 0 1 0
benefecial 2 2 0
benefial 1 0 0
benefical 6 18 1
benefically 1 0 0
beneficent 1 0 0
benefician 1 0 0
beneficicel 1 0 0
beneficient 0 0 1
beneficl 1 0 0
benefictal 1 1 0
benefitical 1 0 0
benefitual 0 1 0
beneificial 2 0 0
benesficl 1 0 0
benffical 1 0 0
benficarl 1 0 0
benficial 1 2 0
benfishil 1 0 0
benieficial 1 0 0
benifecal 1 0 0
benifecial 1 1 0
benifficial 1 0 0
benifial 1 0 0
benifical 3 4 1
benificatle 1 0 0
benificcil 1 0 0
benifichial 1 0 0
benificial 38 17 18
benificient 0 0 1
benifisheal 0 1 0
benifistal 1 0 0
bennificial 1 0 0
bennyfishaly 1 0 0
bentifical 1 0 0
bienfical 1 0 0
binificial 0 1 0
feneficial 1 0 0
penafishal 1 0 0
penefical 4 0 0
tempararily 0 0 1
$bored 149 185 193 51 15 7
boar 1 0 0
board 20 8 0
boarded 1 0 0
boared 3 0 4
bode 1 0 0
boled 0 1 0
boored 5 0 0
bord 8 1 0
borde 1 0 0
borded 1 0 0
Bored 0 1 0
boring 0 0 1
borred 5 1 1
bourd 1 0 0
boured 2 3 1
post 1 0 0
$bulletin 117 161 162 83 39 38
bolloton 1 0 0
bouletin 0 1 0
buellitin 0 1 1
builetin 0 1 0
buillton 1 0 0
bulatin 1 0 0
bulatine 0 1 0
bulentin 1 0 0
buletin 2 0 6
buletion 0 1 0
buletions 0 0 1
buleton 1 0 0
buliten 3 1 0
bulitian 1 0 0
bulitin 4 0 0
buliton 1 0 1
bulitons- 1 0 0
bullentin 2 1 1
bullentine 0 0 1
bullenton 1 0 0
bullet 0 1 0
bulletain 0 0 1
bulleten 2 1 0
bulletien 2 0 1
Bulletin 0 1 0
bulletins 1 1 0 *
bulletion 1 5 1
bulleton 1 2 1
bullettin 1 0 0
bulletun 1 0 0
bullitan 3 0 1
bulliten 17 9 12
bullitian 1 0 0
bullitien 1 0 0
bullitin 10 5 6
bullitins 1 0 0
bullition 3 1 1
bullitn 0 2 0
Bullitoin 0 0 1
bulliton 7 2 2
bullotin 0 1 0
bullten 1 0 0
bulltin 1 0 0
bulltume 1 0 0
bullutin 1 0 0
bulten 0 1 0
bultien 0 1 0
bultion 1 0 0
buluton 1 0 0
pulited 1 0 0
pullitiem 1 0 0
voliten 1 0 0
$bungalow 139 167 177 61 33 23
bangalow 1 0 0
bonglow 0 1 0
bongulo 1 0 0
boulow 1 0 0
boungalow 1 0 0
bounglow 1 0 0
bugalow 1 1 0
bugalo 1 0 0
bullow 1 0 0
bumgalow 1 0 0
bumlow 0 1 0
bundgallow 1 0 0
bunaglo 0 1 0
bungallo 0 0 1
bungallow 2 0 0
bungaloa 1 0 0
bungalo 8 12 14
Bungalo 0 1 0
Bungalow 0 2 1
bungalowe 0 1 0
bungelo 0 1 0
bungelow 3 3 1
bungilow 0 1 0
bunglelow 0 1 0
bunglo 1 0 0
bunglow 21 4 4
bunglowe 1 0 0
bungolo 3 2 0
bungoloe 1 0 0
bungolow 2 0 2
bungulo 4 0 0
bungulow 3 0 0
bunyol 0 1 0
$buried 117 165 178 83 35 22
bairied 1 0 0
baired 1 0 0
bairred 1 0 0
baried 3 1 0
barred 2 0 0
barried 17 1 1
barrier 0 1 0
beared 1 1 0
bearied 1 0 0
bearraid 1 0 0
beried 2 0 0
berried 5 1 0
berry 0 1 0
bried 1 0 0
brieried 0 1 0
buired 8 1 0
buiried 1 1 0
bured 1 0 0
burial 0 1 0
buriel 0 1 0
burred 1 0 0
burried 25 16 18
bury 0 1 2
buryed 3 0 0
buryied 0 1 0
burying 0 1 0
buryit 0 1 0
vared 1 0 0
varied 3 4 1
varried 1 0 0
varyed 1 0 0
vereate 1 0 0
$canceled 136 167 195 64 33 5
cancaled 1 1 0
cancealed 2 1 0
canceel 1 0 0
cancel 10 20 2
cancell 1 0 1
canciled 10 2 0
cancilled 2 0 0
cancle 1 0 0
cancled 5 3 2
cancuiled 1 0 0
cancule 1 0 0
candulatuad 1 0 0
cansaled 3 0 0
cansel 1 0 0
canseled 4 2 0
cansled 2 2 0
cansoled 1 0 0
cansolled 1 0 0
canssold 1 0 0
cansswled 1 0 0
cansuled 1 0 0
caunceled 1 0 0
chanceled 1 0 0
conciled 1 0 0
conculed 1 0 0
consiled 0 1 0
council 1 0 0
counciled 1 0 0
counseled 3 0 0
czar 1 0 0
pencil 0 1 0
tansseled 1 0 0
$canceling 155 193 194 45 7 5
camsaling 1 0 0
cancaling 2 0 0
cancalling 0 1 0
concealing 1 0 0
cancelate 1 0 0
cancelation 1 0 0
cancellan 0 0 1
cancely 2 0 0
cancesling 1 0 0
canciling 7 5 0
cancleing 2 0 0
cancling 1 0 0
canculing 1 0 0
cansaling 1 0 0
cansalling 1 0 0
canselate 1 0 0
canseling 4 0 2
canselling 0 0 1
cansiling 2 0 0
cansling 1 0 0
cansolating 1 0 0
cansoling 6 1 0
cansonaling 1 0 0
canssaling 1 0 0
cansulling 2 0 0
cancelling 0 0 1
counceling 1 0 0
counciling 1 0 0
pancelly 1 0 0
$cancellation 59 126 158 141 74 42
canacellation 0 1 0
cancalation 2 1 0
cancallation 1 0 0
cancatation 1 0 0
cancealation 1 0 0
cancelatin 1 0 0
cancelation 80 61 36
cancialation 1 0 0
cancilation 15 6 1
cancilion 1 0 0
cancillation 1 0 1
cancilliation 0 1 0
canclation 1 0 0
cancolateon 1 0 0
cancolation 4 0 0
canelation 1 0 0
canncelation 1 0 0
cannsulation 1 0 0
cansalation 2 0 0
cansallation 1 0 0
cansaltion 0 1 0
cansclitation 1 0 0
canselation 6 1 0
cansellation 1 0 0
canselution 1 0 0
cansilation 4 0 0
canslation 2 0 0
cansolation 6 0 2
cansolitation 0 1 0
cansulation 1 0 0
cassilation 1 0 0
chancelation 1 0 0
consalation 0 0 2
consulation 1 0 0
$canvass 104 117 150 96 83 50
camvas 1 0 0
canfass 1 0 0
cannvas 1 0 0
canvace 1 2 0
canvas 70 74 46
canvase 2 0 0
canvauce 1 1 0
canvaus 0 0 1
canveous 1 0 0
canves 3 0 0
canvess 0 1 0
canvest 1 0 0
camvic 1 0 0
canvice 1 0 0
canvious 1 0 0
canvis 2 0 0
canvos 1 0 0
canoose 0 0 1
canvous 1 1 0
canvouse 0 1 0
canous 1 1 0
cavanas 1 0 0
cavass 1 0 1
convas 2 0 0
convess 1 0 0
convice 0 1 0
Kansas 0 1 0
$catalogues 114 187 185 86 13 15
calogues 1 0 0
catolges 1 0 0
catalodges 1 0 0
catalog 2 0 0
cataloge 1 0 0
catalogeds 1 0 0
cataloges 8 0 0
catalogh 1 0 0
Catalogs 0 0 2
Catalogue 7 6 1
catalogueds 1 0 0
Catalogues 0 1 3
catalogue's 2 0 1
catalogus 1 0 0
cataloug 1 0 0
catalouges 4 0 0
catalue 1 0 0
cataluges 1 0 0
catelogs 1 0 0
catelouge 2 0 0
catlogue 1 2 0
catloguegu 1 0 0
catogloges 1 0 0
catolges 3 0 0
catolgue 1 0 0
catolgues 3 1 0
catolog 1 0 0
catologe 3 0 0
catologes 2 0 0
catologs 5 0 3
catologue 2 0 0
catologues 19 1 5
catologes 2 0 0
cattallogs 1 0 0
cattalogues 1 0 0
catloges 1 0 0
coltaugs 1 0 0
cotologous 0 1 0
cotologs 1 0 0
cotologues 0 1 0
$cease 133 189 200 67 11 0
ceace 7 1 0
ceaice 1 0 0
ceas 1 0 0
ceased 1 0 0 *
ceases 1 0 0 *
ceast 1 0 0
ceause 1 0 0
ceaze 0 1 0
ceese 3 0 0
ceice 3 0 0
ceise 3 0 0
ceses 1 0 0
cest 1 0 0
ciece 0 1 0
ciese 1 0 0
cieze 1 0 0
cise 1 0 0
cize 1 0 0
sasse 1 0 0
sceace 1 0 0
scease 3 1 0
sceise 1 0 0
sces 1 0 0
sciece 1 0 0
scis 1 0 0
seace 5 0 0
seacuse 1 0 0
sease 2 2 0
seased 1 0 0
seast 1 0 0
seat 1 0 0
sec 1 0 0
secce 1 0 0
sece 3 0 0
seice 4 0 0
seize 4 4 0
siece 2 0 0
siege 1 0 0
sieze 1 0 0
size 1 0 0
sizes 1 0 0
$ceased 131 186 196 69 14 4
ceace 1 0 0
ceaced 4 0 1
cease 1 1 0
ceaset 0 1 0
ceast 3 1 0
ceasted 2 0 0
ceeced 1 0 0
ceiced 1 0 0
ceised 1 1 0
cesed 0 1 0
cieced 1 0 0
sceace 2 0 0
sceaced 1 0 0
scead 1 0 0
scease 1 0 0
sceased 5 0 0
scedes 1 0 0
sceesed 1 0 0
scene 1 0 0
scesed 1 0 0
sciesed 1 0 0
seaced 1 1 0
seased 8 2 0
seast 2 0 0
seceaded 1 0 0
seced 1 0 0
seceted 1 0 0
seeced 2 0 0
seeesed 1 0 0
seesed 1 0 0
seiced 2 0 0
seicing 1 0 0
seigest 1 0 0
seised 2 0 0
seist 1 1 0
seized 3 1 3
sesease 1 0 0
sezied 1 0 0
sieced 1 0 0
sieze 0 1 0
siezed 3 3 0
$Chautauqua 90 134 120 110 66 80
catauqua 0 1 0
chacactur 1 0 0
Chactuquoe 1 0 0
Chalktwa 1 0 0
Chaqua 1 0 0
Chata 0 0 2
Chatacqua 2 0 0
Chatacque 1 0 0
chatacuia 1 0 0
Chatalkwa 2 0 0
Chataqua 1 1 20
Chataque 2 0 0
chataque 2 1 0
chataqua 1 0 0
chatauchuia 1 0 0
Chataukowa 1 0 0
Chataukwa 1 0 0
chatauqua 11 45 44
Chatauwkwa 1 0 0
Chateau 1 0 0
Chatocqua 1 0 0
Chatogua 3 0 0
Chatoukouv 0 1 0
Chattakqua 0 1 0
Chatuaca 1 0 0
Chatwakwa 1 0 0
Chauetouequa 0 1 0
Chauta 0 1 0
Chawtakque 1 0 0
Chautakye 1 0 0
Chautaqua 1 0 7
chautauqua 2 2 0
Chautauchua 1 0 0
chautaucua 1 0 0
Chautiqua 1 0 0
Chautogqwa 1 0 0
Chautqua 1 0 0
Chawtawque 1 0 0
Cheautauqua 1 0 0
Chetdacowa 1 0 0
chetickway 1 0 0
Chetoquoi 0 0 1
Chicahwa 1 0 0
chictique 1 1 0
Chictocua 1 0 0
Chicugta 1 0 0
Chistupa 1 0 0
Chitacque 1 0 0
chitacwa 1 0 0
Chitalka 1 0 1
Chitalkwa 3 0 0
Chitaqua 1 0 0
Chitauqua 3 0 2
chitiquea 1 0 0
Chitoqua 0 0 1
chituaquea 1 0 0
Chittiqua 1 0 0
Chochatta 1 0 0
Chottago 1 0 0
Chouativa 1 0 0
Chuatackqua 1 0 0
Chuatuaque 1 0 0
Chuatuaton 1 0 0
Chutaciqwa 1 0 0
Chutouko 1 0 0
Chtacu 1 0 0
chtoawa 1 0 0
Cuhtawa 1 0 0
Quatauqua 0 1 0
Schtaka 1 0 0
sechectaquka 0 1 0
Shatacua 1 0 0
Shatakiwa 1 0 0
shatakwa 2 0 0
Shataqua 1 0 0
Shautalkwa 1 0 0
Shawtachwa 1 0 0
Shawtapwa 1 0 0
Shawtowa 1 0 0
Sheto 0 1 0
Shitaka 2 0 0
Showtalkaw 1 0 0
Showtalkwa 1 0 0
Showtucwa 1 0 0
shtalkwa 1 0 0
sutalkway 1 0 0
$chemistry 107 165 186 93 35 14
camipul 1 0 0
canistry 1 0 0
cemastraye 1 0 0
cemastry 1 0 0
cemesteries 1 0 0
cemestrey 1 0 0
cemestry 6 2 0
cemistery 2 0 0
cemistry 12 0 0
cemisty 1 0 0
cemitry 1 0 0
cemmistry 0 1 0
cenestry 1 0 0
cenetry 1 0 0
cenistric 1 0 0
cestry 1 0 0
chemastry 1 0 0
ehemc 1 0 0
chemestary 1 0 0
chemestery 2 1 1
chemestra 0 1 0
chemestri 1 0 0
chemestry 29 15 9
chemicols 0 1 0
chemictic 1 0 0
chemictry 1 0 0
chemicy 1 0 0
chemishter 1 0 0
chemistery 2 1 1
chemistes 1 0 0
chemistny 0 0 1
chemistre 3 0 0
Chemistrey 0 1 0
Chemistry 0 9 2
chemoctry 1 0 0
chemsitry 1 0 0
chemstrey 0 1 0
chemstry 2 0 0
comistry 2 0 0
cremistery 1 0 0
cremistry 0 1 0
cumastrey 1 0 0
gymestry 1 0 0
pemestry 1 0 0
Remestray 1 0 0
Remestry 1 0 0
Remistry 1 0 0
Renestri 1 0 0
secematrie 1 0 0
$collateral 40 104 165 160 96 35
aclateral 1 0 0
caladeral 6 0 0
caladral 1 0 0
caladual 1 0 0
calartral 2 0 0
calateral 65 56 23
calateralal 1 0 0
calaterial 4 1 0
calaterral 1 0 0
calatteral 0 5 1
calatural 3 0 0
calerateral 1 0 0
callateral 1 1 1
callaterial 0 2 0
callatteral 0 0 1
callatural 0 1 0
calleteral 1 1 0
calletural 0 1 0
caloralerel 1 0 0
challateral 1 0 0
clateral 0 1 0
clatreal 1 0 0
coalateral 1 1 0
coallateral 1 0 0
coateral 1 0 0
co-laborate 1 0 0
coladaro 1 0 0
coladderal 1 0 0
coladerall 0 1 0
colanderal 1 0 0
colanderual 1 0 0
colarlial 0 1 0
colarltal 1 0 0
colataral 3 0 0
colateal 1 0 0
colateral 0 1 0
co-lateral 1 2 1
co_laterial 1 0 0
colaterole 2 0 0
colarteroul 0 1 0
colatoral 4 0 0
colatteral 2 2 2
colatule 1 0 0
colatural 1 0 0
colaveral 1 0 0
coledural 1 0 0
colelatral 1 0 0
colladeral 2 0 0
colladural 1 0 0
collarteral 1 0 0
collatarel 1 0 0
collatera 1 0 0
collaterial 1 1 0
collateroul 1 0 0
collatertrat 1 0 0
collatoral 2 3 5
collatral 1 0 1
collatteral 1 4 0
collitoral 1 0 0
colloratial 0 1 0
coloratal 0 1 0
conral 1 0 0
coolateral 2 1 0
co-olateral 0 1 0
coolaterel 1 0 0
coolaterial 1 0 0
coolatteral 0 1 0
coradioral 1 0 0
coratualy 1 0 0
corradul 1 0 0
corrateally 0 1 0
cotaturall 1 0 0
couladeral 1 0 0
cradial 1 0 0
culateral 1 0 0
culatural 1 0 0
cullateral 0 1 0
cullatorial 1 0 0
later 0 1 0
qualateral 2 0 0
qualatirol 1 0 0
qualetteral 1 0 0
qulateral 2 0 0
Rolateral 1 0 0
$committed 119 184 186 81 16 14
camdid 1 0 0
cometad 1 0 0
comit 1 0 0
comited 8 0 1
comitted 15 6 1
comittee 1 0 0
commet 1 0 0
commeted 2 0 0
commidded 1 0 0
commided 1 0 0
commiety 1 0 0
comminty 1 0 0
commited 41 10 5
commitive 1 0 1
committee 0 0 5
committeed 1 0 1
committied 2 0 0
commtied 1 0 0
conmited 1 0 0
$committees 100 187 193 100 13 7
comettes 1 0 0
comimittees 1 0 0
comintees 0 1 0
comittees 5 0 0
comittenets 1 0 0
comitties 7 0 0
commenties 2 0 0
commetees 1 0 0
commeties 2 0 0
commettee 1 0 0
commetties 1 0 0
commieties 1 0 0
commit 1 0 0
commitees 11 1 1
commities 14 0 0
committed 2 0 0
committee 5 0 1
committeies 0 1 0
committes 9 3 0
committies 26 6 5
committisgs 1 0 0
committys 1 0 0
commitys 2 0 0
commotties 0 1 0
commties 1 0 0
comtties 1 0 0
conitzes 1 0 0
coometes 1 0 0
$communicate 131 184 186 69 16 14
camunicate 1 0 0
cemunicate 1 0 0
comemunicate 1 0 0
commacate 1 0 0
commamuicate 1 0 0
commenecate 1 0 0
commicate 1 0 0
comminicate 2 0 0
comminucate 0 1 0
commuacate 1 0 0
commucate 2 0 0
commuciate 1 0 0
commuicat 1 0 0
commuicate 3 0 0
commulicate 1 0 0
communacate 3 0 0
communcate 3 0 0
communciate 0 0 1
communicat 1 0 0
communicated 1 0 0 *
communitate 0 2 0
communitcate 1 0 0
community 2 1 7
communtete 1 0 0
communuate 0 1 0
comoucate 1 0 0
comuinicate 1 0 0
comunacat 1 0 0
comunacate 1 0 0
comuniate 1 0 0
comunicat 1 0 0
comunicate 21 8 5
comuniciate 1 0 0
comunitate 0 1 0
comuniting 1 0 0
conculated 1 0 0
conmikat 1 0 0
conmunate 1 0 0
connumcate 0 1 0
conunicate 1 0 0
cuminicate 1 0 0
cummiate 1 0 0
cummicate 1 0 0
cummuate 1 0 0
cummunicate 0 1 1
cumuncate 1 0 0
$comparatively 64 116 159 136 84 41
comaritialy 1 0 0
compairateley 1 0 0
compairatively 0 0 1
compairetly 1 0 0
compairly 1 0 0
comparatable 2 0 0
comparatably 0 1 0
comparately 1 0 0
comparativaly 2 0 1
comparative 2 1 0
comparativeally 0 1 0
comparativeley 1 0 0
comparativelly 3 0 0
comparativily 0 2 2
comparativly 7 4 2
comparatly 1 0 0
compareativ 1 0 0
compareativally 1 0 0
compareitively 1 0 0
compareitivley 1 0 0
comparetively 1 2 2
comparetivily 1 0 0
compariably 1 0 0
compariatively 0 0 2
compariatvely 0 1 0
comparifly 1 0 0
compariley 0 1 0
comparitably 1 3 0
comparitatively 0 1 1
comparitavely 2 0 0
comparitly 1 1 0
comparitolvily 0 1 0
comparitevely 0 1 0
comparitevly 2 0 1
comparitively 55 43 25
comparitivily 5 1 1
comparitivle 1 0 0
comparitivly 11 5 0
comparivily 1 0 0
comparrable 0 1 0
comparratively 1 0 0
compartable 1 0 0
compartively 12 11 0
compartivilty 1 0 0
compartivly 1 0 0
compartly 1 0 0
comparutvily 1 0 0
compatly 1 0 0
comperative 1 0 0
comperatively 1 1 1
comprativly 0 0 1
conparablily 1 0 0
conparatively 0 1 0
conparitivly 1 0 0
conpeut 1 0 0
parantively 1 0 0
$competent 76 148 167 124 52 33
capadent 1 0 0
comcount 1 0 0
comentent 1 0 0
comepitent 1 0 0
cometent 1 0 0
commintent 1 0 0
commpetent 1 0 0
commpitate 1 0 0
commpunted 1 0 0
compaded 1 0 0
compadent 1 0 0
compantant 1 0 0
compatant 5 0 0
compatent 7 4 0
compe 1 0 0
compeinent 0 1 0
compeltant 0 1 0
compent 3 0 0
compentant 4 1 0
compentent 8 0 2
compeptent 1 0 0
competant 12 12 9
competed 1 0 0
competetent 1 0 0
competient 0 2 1
competitent 1 2 4
competunt 1 0 0
compietant 1 0 0
compinent 1 0 0
compitant 11 4 3
compitate 1 0 0
compitent 25 14 10
compitite 1 0 0
compitunt 1 0 0
complement 1 0 0
completant 1 0 0
completent 1 0 0
completment 0 1 0
complied 1 0 0
compltent 1 0 0
compodent 1 0 0
compoment 1 0 0
compotent 0 2 2
compontenty 1 0 0
compontum 1 0 0
comptant 1 0 0
compuntant 1 0 0
computant 0 2 0
computent 2 4 0
contemptable 1 0 0
confidant 0 1 0
confident 2 0 2
conpetent 3 0 0
conpunty 1 0 0
copement 1 0 0
copenent 1 0 0
coppentent 1 0 0
counventens 1 0 0
homponten 1 0 0
$completing 164 187 191 36 13 9
compet 0 0 1
complaning 0 1 0
compleating 11 1 0
compleation 1 0 0
complecting 2 0 0
completeing 21 10 7
Completing 1 0 1
completting 0 1 0
$completion 141 188 194 59 12 6
commpletion 1 0 0
commplishion 1 0 0
compeltion 2 1 0
competetion 1 0 0
competion 1 0 0
comphison 0 1 0
complance 1 0 0
complation 1 0 0
compleasian 1 0 0
compleasion 1 0 0
compleason 1 0 0
compleation 7 1 0
complecan 1 0 0
complechion 0 1 0
complecion 3 0 1
complection 3 0 0
compleetion 1 0 0
compleshion 1 0 0
complesion 6 2 0
complession 2 1 0
complestion 1 0 0
complesun 1 0 0
completeion 2 0 0
completetion 2 0 0
completicon 1 0 0
completition 1 0 0
complexion 0 1 0
compliction 1 0 0
complimion 0 0 1
complisha 1 0 0
complishtion 1 0 0
complision 3 0 0
complition 5 3 4
complsion 1 0 0
complte 1 0 0
complusment 1 0 0
conptecion 1 0 0
$conceive 109 160 173 91 40 27
conceade 1 0 0
conceal 0 0 3
conceave 2 0 1
concede 3 2 1
conceeded 1 0 0
conceivce 1 0 0
conceived 9 3 4 *
conceiive 1 0 0
conceved 1 0 0
concevee 1 0 0
concieve 42 30 22
concieved 4 2 0
concieves 1 0 0
concive 5 1 0
conscieve 4 1 0
conseave 1 0 0
conseed 2 0 0
conseive 2 1 0
conserve 1 0 0
conseve 6 0 0
conseved 1 0 0
consieve 6 0 0
consive 2 1 0
consived 0 1 0
convesed 1 0 0
$conception 116 190 199 84 10 1
camceptition 1 0 0
comsecption 1 0 0
comseption 1 0 0
comsuption 1 0 0
confection 1 0 0
consaption 1 0 0
conseption 4 2 1
consebsion 1 0 0
consecption 3 0 0
consection 2 0 0
consempation 1 0 0
consemption 1 0 0
consepation 2 0 0
consepction 1 0 0
consepition 1 1 0
conseption 55 6 0
consesptions 1 0 0
conspection 0 1 0
conspicon 1 0 0
conspition 1 0 0
consuption 2 0 0
$confirmation 76 135 166 124 65 34
cemfurmation 1 0 0
comfeirmation 1 0 0
comfermater 1 0 0
comfermation 2 0 0
comfirmation 1 1 10
conformation 5 0 0
confeimation 0 0 1
confermasion 1 0 0
confermation 82 29 22
confermission 1 0 0
confernation 1 0 0
conferrmation 1 0 0
confimation 1 0 0
conformation 12 32 0
confornmation 0 1 0
confremation 1 0 0
confumation 0 0 1
confurmation 2 0 0
congremation 1 0 0
contformation 0 1 0
convemation 2 0 0
convermacion 1 0 0
convermation 7 1 0
$congratulations 138 170 193 62 30 7
comcerracarlants 1 0 0
concradulations 1 0 0
concrogulation 1 0 0
conglutation 1 0 0
congractulations 0 0 1
congradualtions 0 1 0
congraduation 1 0 0
congraduations 3 0 0
congradulation 5 2 0
congradulations 11 15 3
congradutation 2 0 0
congragalations 1 0 0
congragulations 1 1 0
congralation 1 0 0
congralulations 1 0 0
congralutaions 0 1 0
congralutations 2 0 0
congratalation 1 0 0
congratalations 1 0 0
congratalutions 1 0 0
congratilation 1 0 0
congratilations 1 0 0
congrationlation 0 1 0
congratrilations 1 0 0
congratualations 1 0 1
congratuations 2 0 0
congratulate 1 0 0
congratulation 6 7 1
congretulations 1 0 0
congratulatons 0 1 0
congratulions 0 1 1
congraturalations 1 0 0
congraudulations 1 0 0
congraulation 1 0 0
congraulations 2 0 0
congreation 1 0 0
congreatulations 1 0 0
congrulations 2 0 0
congrutulations 1 0 0
conguralitions 1 0 0
$congress 155 166 162 45 34 38
cangress 1 0 0
Cnongress 1 0 0
Comgress 0 1 0
congeres 1 0 0
congres 1 0 0
Congress 40 33 35
converce 0 0 1
converse 0 0 2
curgress 1 0 0
$conscience 58 145 172 142 55 28
comsions 1 0 0
conceince 1 0 0
conceincs 0 0 1
conceinsious 0 1 0
conceionce 1 0 0
conceive 0 0 1
concenious 1 0 0
conchence 1 0 0
conchience 1 0 0
conchious 1 0 0
conciance 1 0 0
conciece 1 0 0
concience 36 9 7
conciences 2 0 0
conciense 1 0 0
concientous 0 1 0
concients 1 0 0
concinance 1 0 0
concinous 1 0 0
concionce 0 1 0
concionious 1 0 0
concionse 1 0 0
concionts 1 0 0
conciouns 1 0 0
concious 6 3 1
concouir 1 0 0
concounious 1 0 0
concsience 0 1 0
concunce 0 1 0
concus 1 0 0
condients 0 1 0
conisience 1 0 0
conncince 1 0 0
conounce 1 0 0
consants 1 0 0
consceince 1 0 0
consceince 2 2 1
consceinus 0 0 1
conscence 0 0 1
conscienceness 0 1 0
consciencious 0 1 0
consciense 1 0 0
conscientients 1 0 0
conscients 0 1 0
conscioness 0 1 1
conscions 0 1 0
conscionusness 0 1 0
consciou 0 0 1
conscious 9 18 11
consciounce 3 1 0
consciouness 0 1 0
conscoins 1 0 0
conscouince 1 0 0
consence 3 0 0
consencious 1 0 0
consents 2 0 0
conshants 1 0 0
conshur 1 0 0
consiance 0 1 0
consicence 1 0 0
consicience 0 0 1
consicient 0 1 0
consicious 2 0 0
consience 17 4 0
consienced 1 0 0
consinence 1 0 0
consionce 1 0 0
consiouns 1 0 0
consious 1 0 1
consisions 1 0 0
consounce 1 0 0
consounces 1 0 0
consuent 1 0 0
consutaions 1 0 0
contance 1 0 0
contence 1 0 0
contenious 1 0 0
contents 1 0 0
conteonce 1 0 0
contientes 0 1 0
contionce 1 0 0
contions 2 0 0
conunishion 1 0 0
councious 1 0 0
counshes 1 0 0
counsion 1 0 0
counsious 1 0 0
$conscientious 18 73 134 182 127 66
comcientious 1 0 0
conceanencious 1 0 0
conceiencis 1 0 0
conceincious 1 0 0
conceineous 0 1 0
conceinseous 1 0 0
conceintious 1 0 0
conceious 1 1 0
concencious 4 2 0
concenciously 0 1 0
concencus 1 0 0
concenences 0 1 0
concenents 1 0 0
concenetious 0 1 0
concenious 2 1 0
concenscious 1 0 0
concensious 0 1 0
concensus 1 0 0
concentious 3 1 0
concentous 0 0 1
concentus 1 0 0
conchenchis 1 0 0
conchientious 1 0 0
conciantious 0 1 0
conciantous 1 0 0
concienanse 1 0 0
concience 3 2 0
conciences 5 0 0
conciencence 1 0 0
conciencencious 1 0 0
concienceous 4 0 0
conciencience 1 0 0
conciencies 1 0 0
conciencious 7 2 4
conciencius 1 0 0
conciencius 6 0 1
concienitous 1 0 0
concienous 3 0 0
conciensess 1 0 0
conciensicis 1 0 0
conciensious 1 1 0
concienteous 0 1 0
concientience 0 1 0
concientious 9 16 8
concientius 1 0 0
concientous 2 2 2
concientuous 0 1 0
concioncious 2 0 0
conciotious 1 0 0
conciouas 1 0 0
conciounetious 0 1 0
concious 1 0 0
concithis 1 0 0
concuous 1 0 0
congenious 1 0 0
congieance 1 0 0
conchienchis 1 0 0
conculention 0 1 0
coninuded 1 0 0
conques 1 0 0
conscanous 0 1 0
conscciencious 0 1 0
consceincious 0 1 0
conscenceous 0 1 0
conscencious 0 1 0
conscenscious 0 1 0
conscentious 2 3 0
conschience 1 0 0
conscience 2 4 2
consciencentous 1 0 0
consciences 1 0 0
consciencious 4 13 12
consciencous 4 4 2
conscienctious 1 0 0
conscienctous 1 0 0
consciencus 1 0 0
conscieneous 0 1 0
conscienious 1 2 0
conscienous 1 3 3
conscienscious 0 1 1
conscienscous 0 1 0
consciensious 0 3 0
conscienteous 0 1 0
conscienteously 0 1 0
conscientience 1 0 0
conscientiouse 1 0 0
conscientius 1 0 0
conscientous 8 12 20
conscientscious 0 1 0
conscientuous 1 6 3
conscietinous 0 0 1
conscietous 1 0 0
conscineous 0 1 0
conscinious 1 0 0
conscionenious 0 0 1
conscionscus 0 1 0
conscionus 1 0 0
conscious 0 1 2
consciousencious 0 1 0
consciousens 0 1 0
consciousness 0 3 0
consconsious 0 1 0
consecience 1 0 0
consecious 0 1 0
conseinches 1 0 0
conseious 0 1 0
consencdious 1 0 0
consencious 2 0 0
consenience 1 0 0
conseninous 1 0 0
consenshuz 1 0 0
consensibus 0 1 0
consensious 1 0 0
consentious 1 0 0
consentise 1 0 0
consenuous 1 0 0
consequence 1 0 0
consequences 1 0 0
consetious 0 0 1
consheanice 1 0 0
consheencisince 1 0 0
conshenious 1 0 0
conshents 1 0 0
consherne 1 0 0
conshienchace 1 0 0
conshionenus 1 0 0
consiancous- 1 0 0
consicious 0 0 1
consicusous 1 0 0
consience 3 0 0
consiences 1 0 0
consiencess 1 0 0
consiencious 2 2 0
consiencous 1 0 0
consieneansious 1 0 0
consiensus 1 0 0
consientious 1 0 0
consientous 1 0 0
consienusaly 0 1 0
consinence 1 0 0
consineous 0 1 0
consinesious 1 0 0
consioce 1 0 0
consious 0 1 0
consquence 0 1 0
consquences 1 0 0
consuinces 1 0 0
consus 1 0 0
consyiensious 1 0 0
contiencious 1 0 0
contientious 1 0 0
contientous 0 1 0
counciencous 1 0 0
$conscious 50 136 184 150 64 16
conaious 1 0 0
conceious 1 0 0
conceniess 1 0 0
concense 1 0 0
conchesiouses 1 0 0
conchus 2 0 0
concience 6 3 0
conciense 1 0 0
concient 1 0 0
concients 0 1 0
concienus 1 0 0
concieous 1 0 0
concies 1 0 0
conciess 1 0 0
concinence 1 0 0
concios 1 0 0
conciouious 0 1 0
concious 41 22 7
conciouse 1 0 0
concouis 1 0 0
conicious 1 0 0
conncis 1 0 0
connies 0 1 0
connsious 0 1 0
conious 1 0 0
conisious 1 0 0
consceious 0 0 1
conscence 1 0 0
conscience 17 10 0
consciencious 1 0 0
consciences 0 1 0
conscienous 0 0 1
consciense 1 0 0
conscients 1 0 0
consciouse 0 0 1
conscius 2 0 0
consence 1 0 0
consencious 0 1 0
conshus 3 0 0
consiance 0 1 0
consicantic 1 0 0
consicious 2 1 1
consicouis 0 1 0
consiec 0 1 0
consience 1 0 0
consince 1 0 0
consious 24 13 1
consiouse 1 0 0
consitions 1 0 0
consunce 1 0 0
consuss 1 0 0
conteous 1 0 0
contience 1 0 0
contincious 1 0 0
contious 7 0 1
conuious 2 0 0
cortious 0 1 0
councious 1 2 1
counios 1 0 0
counisius 1 0 0
counscious 1 0 0
counsious 0 1 0
countous 1 0 0
cultures 0 0 1
ginderkarten 0 0 1
sconceious 1 0 0
sone 0 1 0
$consistent 53 121 158 147 79 42
concenience 1 0 0
concistant 2 1 0
concistent 2 0 0
concitent 1 1 0
conistant 0 1 0
conscistant 0 1 0
conscistent 1 0 0
consentance 1 0 0
consestane 1 0 0
consestion 0 1 0
consinante 1 0 0
consisent 1 2 1
consistance 2 2 1
consistant 112 62 38
consistaunt 1 0 0
consistence 2 2 2
consistiance 1 0 0
consistient 3 1 0
consistined 1 0 0
consistion 2 0 0
consiston 0 1 0
consistont 0 1 0
consitance 1 0 0
consitant 2 1 0
consitent 1 0 0
consizition 1 0 0
constant 1 0 0
constent 1 1 0
constient 1 0 0
constisant 1 0 0
constistant 0 1 0
$continent 132 179 187 68 21 13
coment 1 0 0
comtenent 1 2 0
conanent 1 1 0
confirmint 0 0 1
conientent 1 0 0
conminity 1 0 0
contanent 0 1 0
contannict 1 0 0
contenant 3 5 0
contenent 16 0 3
contenient 5 1 0
conteniet 1 0 0
conteninent 1 1 0
contenintet 1 0 0
contennent 1 0 0
content 2 1 0
contetinement 0 0 1
contienent 2 1 0
Contient 3 0 1
contiente 1 0 0
contiment 2 0 0
continant 6 0 2
continect 1 0 0
continet 3 0 0
continient 3 0 1
contininent 0 1 0
continite 1 0 0
continnent 2 0 2
continuate 1 0 0
cotenant 1 5 0
coutanint 1 0 0
countenant 1 0 0
countenent 1 1 2
countinet 1 0 0
propnent 1 0 0
$continuous 97 145 178 103 55 22
coninuous 0 1 0
contineious 1 0 0
continencious 1 0 0
contineous 3 4 3
continious 14 12 4
continiouse 0 1 0
continius 0 2 0
continnuous 0 0 1
continos 1 0 0
continouis 1 0 0
continouise 1 1 0
continous 20 22 10
continouous 1 0 0
continual 1 0 0
continuance 1 1 1
continuas 3 0 0
continuaous 0 0 1
continueaus 1 0 0
continueous 12 1 1
continues 16 1 0
continuess 2 0 0
continuious 6 3 0
continuoes 1 0 0
continuos 6 1 0
continus 5 0 0
contenuus 0 1 0
contionus 1 0 0
contitionous 1 0 0
contnuas 0 1 0
contunious 1 1 0
contuous 0 0 1
countinueous 1 1 0
countious 1 0 0
$controversy 115 178 180 85 22 20
combtrovesy 1 0 0
comsversiary 1 0 0
comtevercy 1 0 0
connesary 1 0 0
conqouversing 1 0 0
consonerse 1 0 0
constroversy 1 0 0
contavercy 1 0 0
contervercing 1 0 0
contervercuy 1 0 0
conterverisy 0 1 0
conterversay 1 0 0
conterversty 1 0 0
conterversy 1 0 0
conteversy 1 0 0
contevesy 1 0 0
contiuvisy 1 0 0
contiversey 1 0 0
contowversie 1 0 0
contravercy 0 1 0
contraversally 0 1 0
contraverse 0 1 1
contraversery 1 0 0
contraversey 1 0 0
contraversy 5 2 0
contravorsy 0 1 0
contrefercing 1 0 0
contretearsing 1 0 0
contreversey 1 0 0
contreversy 0 2 0
contrevy 1 0 0
contriverse 1 0 0
contriversey 1 0 0
contriversy 2 0 0
contronersery 1 0 0
contronversey 0 0 1
controsory 0 2 0
controvarsey 1 0 0
controvercey 1 0 0
controvercy 9 0 4
controveries 0 1 0
controversaries 0 0 1
controversary 1 0 1
controversave 1 0 0
controversay 1 1 1
controversey 8 1 6
controversie 1 0 0
controversing 4 0 0
controvese 0 1 0
controvesey 1 0 0
controvesy 1 1 1
controvorsey 0 4 0
controvsary 0 0 1
controvvesity 1 0 0
contruevency 1 0 0
contrusy 0 0 1
contrvercy 1 0 0
contterversy 1 0 0
conturvesy 1 0 0
conversation 1 0 0
conversey 1 0 0
conversity 1 0 0
counterners 1 0 0
counterversing 0 1 0
counteversy 0 0 1
countirversay 1 0 0
countrevercy 1 0 0
countroversy 1 1 0
countrovesy 1 0 0
countufersey 1 0 0
coutueversy 1 0 0
$conveniently 96 134 160 104 66 40
conciently 2 0 0
conivenently 0 0 1
connveniently 1 0 0
connviently 0 1 0
conveantly 0 0 1
conveiently 1 1 1
conveinently 2 1 0
conveinetly 2 0 0
conveiniently 1 0 0
conveintly 1 2 1
conven 1 0 0
convenatly 1 0 0
convenecily 1 0 0
convenently 2 1 1
convenetly 1 0 0
convenialy 0 1 0
conveniately 1 0 0
conveniantly 4 0 2
convenient 1 0 0
convenientally 0 1 0
convenientely 1 0 0
convenientily 1 0 0
convenienty 2 0 0
convenietly 1 0 0
convenily 1 0 0
convenintly 1 0 0
conveniontly 0 0 1
convenionty 1 0 0
convenitaly 1 0 0
convenity 1 0 0
convenlient 0 1 0
convenlty 1 0 0
convenously 1 0 0
conventely 1 0 0
conventially 1 0 0
conventialy 2 0 0
conventiently 2 0 0
conventiely 1 1 0
conventily 1 0 0
convently 3 1 0
convenuntly 2 0 0
convenyently 0 1 0
conveyencly 1 0 0
conviantly 1 0 0
convienally 1 0 0
convienately 0 1 0
convienantly 1 0 0
convience 0 1 0
convienentely 1 0 0
convienently 2 6 4
convieners 1 0 0
convienetly 1 0 0
convienient 1 0 0
convieniently 3 3 2
convienintly 0 1 0
convienly 2 0 0
convientally 1 0 0
convientley 0 0 1
conviently 35 37 24
convienuntly 0 0 1
convienyanly 1 0 0
convinalty 1 0 0
convinenent 1 0 0
convinently 2 0 0
conviniently 1 2 0
$correspondence 128 163 174 72 37 26
coorspondense 1 0 0
coorespondents 1 0 0
corasondace 1 0 0
coraspondance 2 0 0
coraspondinc 1 0 0
corespondance 1 2 1
corespondence 13 3 4
corespondences 1 0 0
corespondents 1 0 0
corespondes 0 1 0
corospondance 0 1 0
corospondence 1 0 0
corospondsence 1 0 0
corpordance 1 0 0
corraspondence 1 0 0
correpondence 1 0 0
corresondence 0 0 1
correspendence 1 1 0
corresponce 1 0 0
correspondance 8 12 14
correspondants 1 0 0
correspondences 1 0 0 *
correspondense 3 0 0
correspondenses 0 1 0
correspondent 3 2 1
correspondents 7 7 0
correspond's 0 1 0
corresponence 1 0 0
corresponsens 1 0 0
correspontence 1 0 0
corresspondents 0 0 1
corrispondence 1 1 0
corrisspondence 1 0 0
corropandace 1 0 0
corrospondance 1 0 0
corrospondence 4 5 4
corrospondent 1 0 0
corrospondents 1 0 0
corrsondence 1 0 0
corrsopandance 1 0 0
corrspendence 1 0 0
corrspondence 1 0 0
corruspondenc 1 0 0
corspondence 1 0 0
crospromation 1 0 0
$counsel 38 111 127 162 89 73
conceal 1 0 0
concel 3 0 1
concele 1 0 0
concil 6 0 3
concile 1 0 0
concuol 1 0 0
connsonil 1 0 0
consal 3 0 0
consale 1 0 0
conseal 1 0 0
consele 1 0 0
consil 2 0 3
consual 2 0 0
consul 13 21 14
councel 13 9 4
councele 1 0 0
councell 1 0 0
councial 1 0 0
council 84 50 42
councile 1 0 0
counciles 1 0 0
counicl 1 0 0
counsal 2 0 0
counsil 13 6 3
counsul 4 3 3
cousel 2 0 0
cunsel 1 0 0
$countenance 74 125 172 126 75 28
accountance 0 1 1
accountenance 0 0 1
confence 1 0 0
confidence 1 0 0
connects 1 0 0
conntinent 1 0 0
contanance 1 1 0
contanants 1 0 0
contanence 1 0 0
contannce 0 1 0
contements 0 1 0
contenance 3 6 3
contencs 1 0 0
contenence 5 1 0
contenents 1 0 0
contenience 1 0 0
contenious 0 1 0
contennence 0 0 1
contentence 1 0 0
contients 1 0 0
continaces 0 1 0
continance 2 2 1
continence 7 7 2
continent 1 0 0
continenties 1 0 0
continents 2 6 0
continnets 1 0 0
contioance 1 0 0
contmun 1 0 0
contonence 1 0 0
conutanance 1 0 0
couninence 1 0 0
countain 1 0 0
countainance 0 2 0
countamence 1 0 0
countanance 7 2 5
countance 13 10 1
countanence 7 4 4
countanents 1 1 0
countaniance 1 0 0
countanience 0 0 1
countanous 1 0 0
countantiance 1 0 0
countatence 1 0 0
counteance 0 1 0
counted 1 0 0
countemances 1 0 0
countenace 0 1 0
countenant 1 0 0
countence 3 2 0
countences 1 0 0
countenence 3 7 4
countenences 1 0 0
countenense 1 0 0
countenents 3 0 0
countenes 1 0 0
countenients 1 0 0
countenounce 1 0 0
countents 2 0 0
countenuance 0 1 0
counteous 1 0 0
countiance 0 1 0
countience 2 0 0
countieness 1 0 0
countimence 1 0 0
countiments 1 0 0
countinance 5 8 1
countinant 1 0 0
countinence 2 3 2
countinents 3 0 0
countines 1 0 0
countiness 2 0 0
countless 1 0 0
countnance 0 1 0
countonance 1 0 0
countonanous 0 1 0
countounce 1 0 0
countounee 1 0 0
countriness 1 0 0
countuance 1 0 0
countuness 1 0 0
coutance 1 0 0
coutanence 1 0 0
coutenance 0 1 1
coutinence 1 0 0
$courtesies 82 117 158 118 83 42
corteous 1 0 0
corteouses 1 0 0
corutussis 1 0 0
counticies 1 0 0
counties 1 0 0
countsey's 1 0 0
courdicities 1 0 0
coures 1 0 0
couresy 0 1 0
courious 1 0 0
courisey's 1 0 0
courseties 0 1 0
courstey 1 0 0
courtcies 0 1 0
courteces 1 0 0
courtecies 2 7 4
courteoses 1 0 0
courteosys 0 1 0
courteous 3 4 3
courteouses 1 0 0
courteousies 2 6 0
courteousys 0 2 0
courtesce 0 1 0
courtesees 1 0 0
courtesesies 1 0 0
courtessys 0 1 0
courtesy 7 1 1
courtesy's 3 1 0
courtesys 9 18 5
courteys 1 0 0
courtezes 1 0 0
courtices 0 0 1
courticies 7 10 5
courticios 1 0 0
courtieous 0 2 0
courties 6 0 2
courtiesies 1 0 1
courtiesy 1 0 0
courtio 1 0 0
courtious 2 0 0
courtise 1 0 0
courtises 2 0 1
courtiseses 1 0 0
courtiseys 0 0 1
courtisies 6 4 1
courtisiss 0 1 0
courtisys 2 0 0
courtizes 1 0 0
courtoueses 1 0 0
courtouses 1 0 0
courtousies 0 1 0
courtsey 0 1 0
courtsies 0 3 2
courtss 1 0 0
coutercies 0 1 0
coutesys 1 0 0
couticies 0 0 1
coutioues 1 0 0
croutsey's 1 0 0
cuourtesyes 1 0 0
curacrys 1 0 0
curdesies 0 1 0
curioties 0 1 0
curisities 1 0 0
curizes 1 0 0
currtises 1 0 0
curtasies 0 1 0
curteoucys 1 0 0
curteousies 0 0 1
curteousys 1 0 0
curtesies 2 3 6
curtesy 1 0 0
curtesys 1 1 0
curtices 1 0 0
curticies 4 3 4
curticys 2 0 0
curtiousies 1 0 0
curtiscis 1 0 0
curtiscy 0 0 1
curtises 1 0 0
curtiseys 1 0 0
curtisies 3 0 1
curtisues 1 0 0
curtisses 1 0 0
curtories 2 1 0
curtoseys 1 1 0
curtosies 0 0 1
curtouseyes 1 0 0
curtousies 0 1 0
curtuse 1 0 0
curtusey 1 0 0
$courtesy 121 172 172 79 28 28
caurtesy 0 1 0
ceourtisy 1 0 0
certisy 1 0 0
corisy 1 0 0
corsuty 1 0 0
couricy 0 2 0
couritsy 0 0 1
coursety 1 2 0
coursity 1 0 0
courstsey 1 0 0
courtcies 0 1 0
courteaus 1 0 0
courtecey 1 0 0
courtecies 1 0 0
courtecy 2 2 2
courteious 1 0 0
courteosy 2 0 0
courteous 2 0 0
courteousy 3 4 0
courtescy 0 1 2
courtesey 4 0 2
courtesie 2 0 0
courtesing 1 0 0
courtesis 1 0 0
courtesiy 1 0 0
courtessy 2 0 0
courtesty 1 0 0
courticey 1 0 0
courticy 4 0 0
courties 3 0 0
courtiesy 1 0 0
courtious 2 0 0
courtisce 1 0 0
courtisey 3 0 0
courtissy 1 0 0
courtisy 6 6 3
courtously 1 0 0
courtousy 1 0 1
courts 0 1 0
courtsey 3 2 6
courtsy 3 0 2
courtusly 1 0 0
curiosity 0 0 1
cursity 1 0 0
curtecy 1 0 0
curtesey 1 0 0
curtesy 4 2 2
curticy 0 1 1
curtisey 1 0 0
curtisy 3 0 0
curtosy 0 0 1
curtousy 1 0 1
curtscy 0 0 1
curtsey 0 2 0
curtsy 0 0 1
curtusese 1 0 0
$criticism 58 135 190 142 65 10
certsemus 1 0 0
cirtissimum 1 0 0
coritisumn 1 0 0
courtesisum 0 1 0
courtisum 1 0 0
cretacesum 1 0 0
cretisism 0 1 0
cretism 1 0 0
criciticisms 0 1 0
crictism 0 1 0
cridictcisim 1 0 0
crisiam 1 0 0
crisisem 1 0 0
crisizum 1 0 0
critcism 0 1 0
criticem 1 0 0
critici 1 0 0
criticiam 1 0 0
criticisam 1 0 0
criticise 0 1 0
criticisem 1 0 0
criticisiom 1 0 0
criticisim 1 0 0
criticisium 1 0 0
criticisum 4 0 0
criticitisem 1 0 0
criticisms 0 1 0 *
criticiz 1 0 0
criticizasm 0 0 1
criticizem 1 0 0
criticizement 1 0 0
criticizin 1 0 0
criticizm 2 7 0
criticm 1 0 0
criticsm 0 3 0
criticum 1 0 0
critigism 0 0 1
critiscism 2 2 0
critisem 0 0 1
critisesimon 1 0 0
critisiam 4 0 0
critisicem 1 0 0
critisiciam 0 1 0
critisiem 1 0 0
critisicm 1 1 0
critisicsm 0 1 0
critisim 4 4 0
critisima 1 0 0
critision 1 0 0
critisisam 1 0 0
critisisem 1 0 0
critisisim 0 1 0
critisision 1 0 0
critisium 3 0 0
critisism 18 8 2
critisisum 4 0 0
critisizem 6 0 0
critisizen 1 0 0
critisizim 1 0 0
critisizime 1 0 0
critisizm 6 4 0
critisizum 1 0 0
critism 8 10 4
critissam 0 1 0
critisum 1 3 0
critisym 1 1 0
critisyum 1 0 0
critiszm 1 0 0
critizam 0 1 0
critizeation 1 0 0
critizem 7 0 0
critizen 1 2 0
critizesum 1 0 0
critizim 1 1 0
critizisim 3 0 0
critizism 6 5 1
critizisum 1 0 0
critizitim 1 0 0
critizition 1 0 0
critizium 2 0 0
critizizam 1 0 0
critizizem 1 0 0
critizm 1 0 0
critizom 1 0 0
critizum 2 0 0
crittissisam 0 1 0
critzen 2 0 0
crypticism 0 2 0
crytisym 1 0 0
griticism 1 0 0
$curiosity 84 140 178 116 60 22
cerousity 1 0 0
chouresty 1 0 0
churisoty 1 0 0
cour 1 0 0
couresasty 1 0 0
couresoty 1 0 0
couresty 2 1 0
couriosity 2 1 2
couriosoty 1 0 0
couriousity 5 0 1
couriousty 1 0 0
courisity 7 4 0
courisoity 1 0 0
courisoty 1 0 0
courisouty 0 1 0
couristory 1 0 0
courosity 4 1 0
courousity 0 2 0
couroyousity 1 0 0
coursity 0 1 0
cousyosty 1 0 0
coutsage 0 1 0
crisious 1 0 0
croucastie 1 0 0
curecosity 0 1 0
cureosaty 2 0 0
cureosity 2 3 0
cureousity 1 0 0
curiocity 0 3 2
curioctity 0 1 0
curiocuty 1 0 0
curioosty 1 0 0
curiosisity 1 0 0
curiosities 1 0 0
curiosoty 1 0 0
curiostic 1 0 0
curiosty 6 1 0
curiosy 1 0 0
curiouity 1 0 0
curiouscy 0 0 1
curiostey 0 1 0
curiosty 0 2 0
curiousite 1 0 0
curiousity 19 19 11
curiousty 1 1 0
curiousy 1 0 0
curisioty 1 0 0
curisoty 1 0 0
curitosity 1 0 0
curiusoty 0 1 0
curocity 1 0 0
curorcy 0 1 0
curosiety 0 1 0
curosisty 0 1 0
curosity 17 7 4
curoty 1 0 0
curouity 1 0 0
curousatiy 1 0 0
curousisty 1 0 0
curozity 1 0 0
curriousity 1 0 1
currosity 1 0 0
curyocity 1 0 0
customary 0 1 0
funny 0 1 0
queosity 1 0 0
querisity 1 0 0
querosity 1 1 0
quinicity 1 0 0
quoriocity 1 0 0
quriosity 0 1 0
qurosity 1 0 0
security 1 0 0
$curious 130 181 197 70 19 3
cerious 1 0 0
couious 1 0 0
courage 1 0 0
coureous 1 1 1
couresus 1 0 0
courieous 1 0 0
couries 1 0 0
courious 20 8 0
courishes 1 0 0
courous 4 1 0
courrious 1 0 0
courtey 1 0 0
cuories 1 0 0
cureous 5 2 0
curiouse 2 0 0
curoius 0 1 0
curose 1 0 0
curous 2 0 0
curouse 0 1 0
currieows 1 0 0
currious 2 0 0
currous 1 0 0
curryous 1 0 0
furious 2 0 0
occurance 1 0 0
quearous 1 0 0
queours 1 0 0
quereous 1 0 0
querious 3 0 0
quiest 1 0 0
quirious 1 0 0
quirous 1 1 0
quirrous 1 0 0
quoreice 1 0 0
quorous 1 0 0
qurious 1 3 1
securities 0 1 0
sureness 1 0 0
$customer's 49 117 121 151 83 79
comerters 1 0 0
costemers 1 0 0
costermers 2 0 0
costomer 1 0 0
costomer's 1 1 1
costomor's 1 0 0
costoners 1 0 0
costumers 4 2 1
costumer's 0 3 3
costummers 0 1 0
coustemers 2 0 0
coustermer's 2 0 0
coustomer 0 2 0
coustomers 1 1 0
coustomer's 1 2 0
coustormers 0 1 0
coustumer 1 0 0
custamer 0 0 1
custamer's 0 1 0
custamor's 0 0 1
custemmeress 1 0 0
custermer 1 0 0
custermers 2 0 1
custimers 1 0 0
custmers 1 0 0
customars 1 1 0
customar's 2 0 0
customer 3 1 5
customers 112 66 62
customers' 2 0 2
customiers 1 0 0
custormers 1 0 0
custormester 1 0 0
custumers 1 1 0
custumer's 0 0 1
custumors 1 0 0
$damage 191 194 195 9 6 5
damadge 1 0 0
damagage 1 0 0
Damage 1 0 3
damaged 4 5 1 *
damaze 0 0 1
Dameage 1 0 0
damge 0 2 0
damgous 0 1 0
dammage 2 3 1
damnage 1 0 0
damuge 1 0 0
danage 1 0 0
$damaged 163 196 189 37 4 11
bamaged 1 0 0
damadged 1 0 0
damage 21 1 10
damagtd 1 0 0
damatge 1 0 0
dameaged 2 0 0
damiged 1 0 0
damigid 1 0 0
dammage 0 0 1
dammaged 3 3 0
dammage 1 0 0
danaged 3 0 0
danmaged 1 0 0
$debit 95 175 187 105 25 13
bevit 1 0 0
dabet 1 0 0
deabite 1 0 0
debat 1 0 0
debate 3 0 0
debbet 1 0 0
debet 17 6 2
debett 2 1 0
debetted 1 0 0
Debit 0 1 0
debite 0 0 1
deblit 1 0 0
debot 1 0 0
debt 19 8 2
debted 7 2 1
debtet 3 0 0
debtit 8 0 0
debts 1 0 0
debut 1 0 1
debut 4 0 0
debutante 0 1 0
debute 1 1 1
dediate 1 0 0
defit 1 0 0
deibet 0 0 1
depbit 1 0 0
deped 2 0 0
depett 1 0 0
depiath 1 0 0
depit 2 0 1
deppitet 1 0 0
depted 1 0 0
devit 6 4 1
devits 1 0 0
devitt 2 0 0
dibet 2 0 0
dibit 3 1 0
dippite 1 0 0
divied 1 0 0
divite 1 0 0
dubut 1 0 0
dwibit 0 0 1
$decidedly 102 157 181 98 43 19
decedaly 1 0 0
decededly 1 1 0
deceidely 1 1 0
deceidly 0 1 0
decid 1 0 0
decidadly 1 1 0
decideally 1 0 0
decidealy 2 0 0
decideatly 1 0 0
decidedley 1 0 0
decidelly 1 0 0
decidently 1 0 0
decidetly 1 0 0
decidially 0 1 0
decidialy 0 1 0
decididely 1 0 0
decididly 5 0 2
decidilly 1 0 0
decidily 2 1 0
deciditly 0 1 0
decidly 3 1 0
decidy 1 0 0
deciededly 0 2 1
deciedly 3 0 2
dedidedly 0 0 1
dedidely 0 1 0
desacidy 1 0 0
descidedly 1 0 0
descidely 1 0 0
desidaly 2 0 0
desiddly 1 0 0
desideadly 1 0 0
desidedily 1 0 0
desidedly 8 3 0
desidelly 1 0 0
desidely 6 2 0
desidetidly 1 0 0
desidily 2 0 0
desidly 0 1 0
desitedly 1 0 0
dicidedly 2 0 0
dicidely 38 24 13
discidedly 0 1 0
disidely 1 0 0
receibly 1 0 0
$deem 102 169 187 98 31 13
beam 0 1 0
deam 68 24 12
deame 3 0 0
deamed 1 0 0
deamn 1 0 0
deanned 1 0 0
deeme 2 0 0
deemed 5 6 4 *
deemn 1 0 0
deen 4 1 0
deim 1 0 0
dem 5 1 0
demam 1 0 0
deme 3 1 0
demed 1 0 0
demum 0 1 0
deym 1 0 0
diem 2 2 0
dimed 1 0 0
$definitely 56 130 176 144 70 24
deafadently 1 0 0
deafinaly 1 0 0
deafinatly 1 0 0
defanetely 1 0 0
defaully 1 0 0
defenately 5 0 0
defenatly 0 1 0
defencity 1 0 0
defenely 1 0 0
defenetly 1 0 0
defeninately 0 1 0
defenitely 2 0 1
defenlly 1 0 0
defenly 1 0 0
defennently 1 0 0
defentenly 1 0 0
defently 3 0 0
deffenatly 1 0 0
deffenitly 1 0 0
deffentaily 1 0 0
deffinatelly 1 0 0
deffinately 5 2 0
deffinatly 0 2 1
deffinently 1 0 0
deffinetely 0 0 1
deffinitelly 0 1 0
deffinitely 1 1 0
deffinity 1 0 0
defiantly 0 1 0
deficiently 0 0 1
defiently 0 1 0
definaly 2 0 0
definantly 0 1 0
definate 0 0 1
definately 40 23 10
definatenly 1 0 0
definatilly 1 0 0
definatily 0 2 0
definatlly 1 0 0
definatly 10 5 3
definely 2 0 0
definently 2 1 0
definetely 3 0 0
definetley 1 0 0
definetly 15 7 1
definialy 1 0 0
definitally 1 0 0
definitaly 1 0 0
definitatly 0 1 0
definite 1 1 0
definitily 0 0 1
definitlalty 0 1 0
definitlly 0 1 0
definitly 12 10 3
definttally 0 1 0
defionately 1 0 0
defitiantley 1 0 0
defitiny 0 1 0
deftinately 1 0 0
difanally 1 0 0
difanently 1 0 0
diffinally 1 0 0
diffinatly 0 1 0
diffineatily 0 1 0
diffinently 1 0 0
diffinetly 1 0 0
diffinitly 2 0 1
diffintaly 1 0 0
difinatly 1 0 0
difinitely 1 2 0
tephenaton 1 0 0
$delegates 135 175 185 65 25 15
delagate 1 0 0
delagates 16 4 2
Delagates 1 1 0
delatedes 0 1 0
delecates 1 0 0
Delegalis 0 1 0
delegants 1 0 0
delegate 1 0 1
Delegate 0 0 1
Delegates 0 1 5
Delegates' 1 0 0
delegats 1 0 0
delgates 1 1 0
deliacates 1 0 0
delicate 1 0 0
delicates 4 0 0
deligate 0 0 1
deligates 34 14 4
dellogates 0 1 0
deltagates 1 0 0
$delinquent 71 150 185 129 50 15
definpet 1 0 0
deleckwod 1 0 0
deleggment 1 0 0
delenquant 1 0 0
delenquent 4 1 1
delenquet 0 1 0
delenqvient 0 1 0
delentment 1 0 0
delentquent 1 0 0
delequant 1 0 0
delequent 1 0 0
deliciant 1 0 0
delicent 1 0 0
delicient 1 0 0
delicuant 1 0 0
delienquent 0 1 0
delient 1 0 0
delimpment 1 0 0
delimpquant 1 0 0
delincant 1 0 0
delinciate 1 0 0
delincking 1 0 0
delincuate 1 0 0
delincunt 1 0 0
delincwant 1 0 0
delinglint 1 0 0
delingquant 2 0 0
delingquat 1 0 0
delingquent 4 0 0
delinguent 2 0 0
delinguenut 1 0 0
delingute 1 0 0
delingwent 1 0 0
delink 1 0 0
delinket 1 0 0
delinking 1 0 0
delinkment 1 0 0
delinkquant 1 0 0
delinkquent 5 0 0
delinkquet 1 0 0
delinkwent 2 0 0
delinkquint 1 0 0
delinquaint 2 0 0
delinquant 9 6 2
delinquat 0 0 1
delinquate 2 2 0
delinquence 0 0 1
delinquenut 1 0 0
delinquet 8 4 0
delinquete 1 0 0
delinquient 2 3 1
delinquink 1 0 0
delinquint 10 16 4
delinquit 8 2 0
delinquite 0 1 0
delinqunate 1 0 0
delinqunite 1 0 0
delinquunt 1 0 0
delinqwent 1 0 0
deliquant 1 0 0
deliqet 1 0 0
deliquent 8 8 4
deliquint 1 0 0
delquient 1 0 0
delquit 1 0 0
delquent 1 0 0
deluncious 1 0 0
denlenkent 1 0 0
dequint 0 1 0
dicnmute 1 0 0
dilenquite 0 1 0
diliciant 1 0 0
diligentate 1 0 0
dilinquent 1 2 1
dilinquint 3 0 0
diliquent 0 2 0
divinquent 1 0 0
dlenquit 1 0 0
$deny 139 183 194 61 17 6
dein 1 0 0
demi 0 1 0
demie 2 0 0
demy 1 0 0
den 1 0 0
Deneigh 0 1 0
deney 8 0 2
denial 0 0 1
denie 15 6 0
denify 1 0 0
denigh 13 4 0
denight 2 0 0
denihgh 1 0 0
deni 1 1 0
denied 4 0 3
denigy 1 0 0
denin 0 1 0
denine 1 0 0
denined 1 0 0
deniy 2 0 0
denny 1 0 0
denye 0 1 0
Deny 1 1 0
denying 1 0 1 *
itemize 0 1 0
$determined 124 174 158 76 26 42
denteroned 1 0 0
dertermand 1 0 0
dertermided 1 0 0
dertermine 1 0 0
dertermined 1 0 0
dertim 1 0 0
dertirmened 1 0 0
dertmined 1 0 0
detemined 1 0 0
deterimne 0 1 0
deterined 1 0 0
deterinined 1 0 0
determain 1 0 0
determaind 0 1 0
determained 0 2 0
determamed 0 0 1
determand 9 0 0
determanded 0 1 0
determed 1 0 0
determen 2 0 0
determend 5 1 0
determened 4 1 0
determent 0 0 1
determied 1 0 0
determin 1 0 0
determine 11 11 38
determinied 0 0 1
determon 1 0 0
determoned 1 0 0
determuined 1 0 0
determum 1 0 0
deternaned 1 0 0
deterned 1 0 0
deternined 1 0 0
Deternmand 1 0 0
detinmend 1 0 0
detirmend 1 0 0
detirmined 3 3 0
detormined 1 0 0
detrement 1 0 0
detrumend 1 0 0
deturmand 1 0 0
deturmanded 1 0 0
deturmaned 2 0 0
deturmemend 2 0 0
deturmend 1 0 0
deturmine 1 0 0
deturned 0 1 0
deturnum 1 0 0
ditermind 5 4 1
$dining 103 151 178 97 49 22
banged 0 0 1
bank 0 0 1
danay 1 0 0
darning 1 0 0
diane 1 0 0
dianing 1 0 0
diening 1 0 0
dine 0 0 3
dineing 1 3 1
diningroom 0 1 0
dinning 87 45 15
dinnings 1 0 0
dying 2 0 0
$disappoint 141 170 175 59 30 25
desapoint 1 0 0
desappoint 1 0 0
desippoint 1 0 0
dessapoint 2 15 11
dessipoint 1 0 0
disapoint 20 4 3
Disappoint 0 0 2
disappointment 1 0 0 *
disopoint 1 0 1
dispoint 1 0 0
dispont 1 0 0
dissapoint 15 0 0
dissappoint 11 10 8
dissipoint 1 1 0
dissippoint 1 0 0
dissopoint 1 0 0
dissypoint 1 0 0
$disappointment 134 145 167 66 55 33
deportment 1 0 0
disapantment 1 0 0
disapiontment 1 0 0
disapointment 17 4 3
disapontment 1 0 0
disappiontment 2 0 0
disappment 0 1 0
disappoinment 1 0 1
disappoint 1 0 1
disappointed 2 0 0
disappointly 1 0 0
disappointmint 1 0 0
disappointmont 1 0 0
disatpointment 1 0 0
disiapointment 1 1 0
disipointment 0 1 0
disippointment 0 1 0
dispointment 1 0 0
disppointment 1 0 0
dissapointed 0 1 0
dissapointment 15 29 8
dissappointed 0 0 1
dissappointment 13 15 18
disshapointment 1 0 0
dissiapointmente 2 0 0
dissipointment 0 0 1
dissippointment 0 1 0
disponmant 1 0 0
dissoppointmet 0 1 0
$discretion 56 151 175 144 49 24
decriasion 2 0 0
descrasion 2 0 0
descression 1 0 4
descrestion 4 3 0
descretion 10 1 1
descrettion 1 0 0
descriten 1 0 0
descrition 1 1 0
descritione 1 0 0
desgression 1 0 0
desgretion 1 0 0
desquestion 1 0 0
dicheion 1 0 0
dicretion 1 0 0
digression 0 3 3
dikcrishun 1 0 0
disgretion 1 0 0
discetion 1 0 1
discration 4 0 0
discre 1 0 0
discreation 11 3 2
discreationed 2 0 0
discreciant 1 0 0
discrecision 1 1 0
discreetion 2 0 0
discregation 0 1 0
discreshen 1 0 1
discreshtion 1 0 0
discresion 8 5 2
discresione 1 0 0
discression 23 20 1
discrestion 2 0 0
discret 1 0 0
discretiant 1 0 0
discricent 1 0 0
discricion 2 0 0
discritation 1 0 0
discrition 2 1 1
discritione 1 0 0
discriution 1 0 0
discrushion 1 0 0
discrusion 2 0 0
discrussion 1 0 0
diseresion 1 0 0
disgistration 1 0 0
disgrace 1 0 0
disgration 2 0 0
disgreation 1 0 0
disgression 11 10 6
dispression 1 0 1
disquetion 0 0 1
disquition 1 0 0
disression 1 0 0
disseression 2 0 0
dissgnression 1 0 0
$divine 90 139 155 110 61 45
deavine 1 0 0
define 1 0 1
devide 0 0 1
devin 1 0 0
devine 97 61 43
devined 2 0 0
devying 1 0 0
delvine 1 0 0
divene 1 0 0
divide 4 0 0
$documents 156 184 196 44 16 4
coucquiment 1 0 0
doccuments 0 1 0
docement 0 1 0
docements 1 0 0
dockiments 1 0 0
dockments 1 0 0
dockuments 5 0 0
Dockuments 0 0 1
docoments 0 0 1
docquements 1 0 0
docquments 1 0 0
docterments 1 0 0
Doctments 1 0 0
doctrienes 0 1 0
doctriments 1 0 0
doctuments 7 4 1
doctumints 1 0 0
docturments 0 1 0
docuements 0 1 0
documant 1 0 0
documen 1 0 0
documence 2 0 0
documens 1 0 0
document 6 0 0
document's 1 1 0
Documents 2 2 1
docunents 0 1 0
docutments 0 1 0
dolomice 1 0 0
doqunence 1 0 0
dordments 0 1 0
dotuments 1 0 0
doucment 0 1 0
douctments 2 0 0
ducuments 1 0 0
$dormitory 83 132 187 117 68 13
adormatory 1 0 0
daumitary 1 0 0
deomertory 1 0 0
deormetormy 1 0 0
domatarily 0 1 0
domatory 1 1 0
domeritria 0 1 0
dominatory 0 1 0
dominory 1 0 0
domitory 1 0 0
dommority 0 1 0
domorotry 0 1 0
domortory 0 1 0
domotory 0 1 0
domteracy 1 0 0
domutory 0 1 0
doomator 1 0 0
dooratory 2 0 0
dorrmatory 2 0 0
doormetory 1 0 0
doormintory 1 0 0
doornitory 1 0 0
doramatory 1 1 0
doramtory 1 0 0
doratory 1 0 0
dorenatory 1 0 0
dorimatory 0 1 0
dorimitory 0 1 0
dorimtory 1 0 0
dorinatory 0 1 0
doritory 2 0 0
dormadory 1 0 0
dormantory 4 1 1
dormarty 1 0 0
dormatary 1 0 0
dormatey 1 0 0
dormatoraly 1 0 0
dormatory 50 32 10
dormenatory 1 0 0
dormentdory 1 0 0
dormentory 4 0 0
dormertory 1 0 0
dormetory 3 0 0
dormiatory 0 1 0
dormiltory 1 0 0
dorminatory 0 1 0
dormintory 4 3 0
dorminty 1 0 0
dormitary 1 0 0
dormitly 1 0 0
dormititory 0 1 0
dormitlory 1 0 0
dormitoriy 1 0 0
dormitorrary 0 1 0
dormontory 0 1 0
dormoratory 0 2 0
dormortary 1 0 0
dormortority 0 1 0
dormortory 0 1 0
dormotary 1 0 0
dormotory 5 6 1
dornatorie 1 0 0
dornoratory 1 0 0
doromatory 1 2 0
doromitory 0 0 1
doromority 0 1 0
doromortory 1 0 0
dortory 1 0 0
durmatory 1 0 0
$dropped 159 180 189 41 20 11
drapped 3 0 0
draught 1 2 3
drop 2 2 0
droped 25 6 7
dropit 1 0 0
droppted 0 1 0
dropt 6 7 1
dropted 2 1 0
drought 1 1 0
$duly 98 144 171 102 56 29
daleay 1 0 0
daully 1 0 0
deully 1 1 0
dewelly 1 0 0
dewly 4 0 0
dewy 0 2 0
doingly 1 0 0
dolay 1 0 0
doley 1 0 0
dolittle 0 1 0
doly 3 1 0
dooley 1 0 0
dolly 1 0 0
douly 1 0 0
dually 7 2 2
dualy 1 3 2
dudly 0 1 0
due 0 1 0
duealy 1 0 0
duelet 1 0 0
dueley 1 0 0
dueling 4 0 0
duelly 2 3 0
duelwy 0 1 0
duely 38 25 21
dulay 0 1 0
duley 9 3 0
dulley 2 0 0
dully 12 7 4
dutly 0 1 0
duty 2 1 0
guley 1 0 0
newly 2 0 0
tualy 1 0 0
$dying 129 166 184 71 34 16
deying 0 1 0
dieing 63 31 15
dieng 1 0 0
ding 1 0 0
diying 1 1 0
dyeing 4 1 1
$economic 127 188 194 73 12 6
ecanomic 1 0 0
eccomic 2 0 0
eecominc 1 0 0
eccomomic 1 0 0
eccomonic 1 0 0
ecconic 1 0 0
ecconomec 1 0 0
ecconomic 5 1 4
ecemetic 0 1 0
ecenomic 3 2 0
echomnic 1 0 0
ecinomic 1 0 0
eckonomick 2 0 0
eckonomit 1 0 0
ecnomic 2 1 0
ecomanic 1 0 0
ecomatic 1 0 0
ecomic 4 0 0
ecomics 1 0 0
ecominic 1 0 0
ecommect 1 0 0
ecommic 1 0 0
ecomnic 1 1 0
ecomnics 1 2 0
ecomnomic 2 0 0
ecomoic 1 0 0
ecomomic 3 0 1
ecomonic 5 0 0
ecomony 1 0 0
ecomonica 2 0 0
econices 1 0 0
econimic 1 0 0
econimy 1 0 0
econince 1 0 0
econmic 4 0 0
econmomick 1 0 0
econnomic 1 0 0
economce 1 0 0
Economic 0 1 1
economicies 1 0 0
economics 7 2 0 *
economise- 1 0 0
economize 1 0 0
econonec 1 0 0
econonic 0 3 0
ecqunomic 1 0 0
emonic 1 0 0
enconomic 1 0 0
ennconoic 1 0 0
exauanomic 1 0 0
exnomic 1 0 0
$economical 117 183 191 83 17 9
acknomacail 1 0 0
acknomical 1 0 0
acknowledge 0 1 0
eaconomicl 1 0 0
ecamonical 1 0 0
ecanomical 1 0 0
eccalnomical 1 0 0
eccomical 1 0 0
eccominical 0 1 0
ecconmical 1 0 0
ecconnomicle 1 0 0
ecconomical 2 1 4
ecenomical 0 2 0
echenimical 1 0 0
ecinomical 2 0 0
eckanomital 1 0 0
ecknopal 1 0 0
ecmomical 0 1 1
ecnomical 1 0 0
ecolmety 1 0 0
ecolmomical 1 0 0
ecomdomical 1 0 0
ecomenical 1 0 0
ecomercla 1 0 0
ecomical 4 2 0
ecomically 1 0 0
ecomicial 1 0 0
ecominical 0 2 0
ecommical 1 0 0
ecommonical 1 0 0
ecomnical 1 0 0
ecomocal 1 0 0
ecomomacily 1 0 0
ecomomical 1 1 0
Ecomomical 1 0 0
ecomonical 4 1 0
Ecomonical 0 1 0
ecomyonecal 1 0 0
econalical 1 0 0
econamical 1 0 0
econamicl 1 0 0
econcomial 0 1 0
econicial 1 0 0
econicmal 1 0 0
econimical 3 1 0
econmical 2 1 0
econmocial 1 0 0
econnomical 1 0 0
Econnomical 1 0 0
econocomal 1 0 0
economecle 1 0 0
Economal 1 0 0
economcil 1 0 0
economic 1 0 0
Economical 0 0 2
economically 0 7 1 *
economiccal 0 1 0
economicial 1 0 0
economicle 1 0 0
economico 1 0 0
economics 1 0 0
economycal 1 0 0
ectonomaly 1 0 0
ectonunule 1 0 0
ecunumical 1 0 0
ekanomakale 1 0 0
enanical 1 0 0
enconble 1 0 0
enecomicial 1 0 0
enochmical 1 0 0
enomical 1 0 0
equa 1 0 0
equalical 1 0 0
equalmoical 1 0 0
equalnomackle 1 0 0
equalnomical 1 0 0
equinomical 0 0 1
equomomical 1 0 0
equonomical 1 0 0
excomonical 1 0 0
$economics 131 180 191 69 20 9
eccnomics 1 0 0
eccomonics 1 0 0
ecconolikes 1 0 0
ecconomics 5 2 2
ecenomics 2 0 0
echomanitic 1 0 0
eckonomics 1 0 0
ecmomes 1 0 0
ecomatics 1 0 0
ecomices 2 0 0
ecomics 3 2 0
ecomience 1 0 0
ecomiese 1 0 0
ecominey 0 1 0
ecominics 1 0 0
ecommonics 1 1 0
ecommononices 1 0 0
ecomnies 0 1 0
ecomnomices 1 0 0
ecomnonics 1 0 0
ecomo 1 0 0
ecomoicks 1 0 0
ecomoics 1 0 0
ecomomic 0 1 0
ecomomics 4 0 0
Ecomomics 0 1 0
ecomonices 1 0 0
ecomonics 4 2 0
ecomonicts 1 0 0
ecomontic 1 0 0
econics 1 0 0
econmace 1 0 0
econmics 3 0 0
econmo 1 0 0
econnomics 1 0 0
economck 1 0 0
economcs 1 0 0
economects 1 0 0
Economic 0 1 0
economicies 1 1 0
economicks 1 0 0
Economics 1 7 6
economicts 1 0 0
economis 1 0 0
econonics 1 0 0
econonmix 1 0 0
econopics 1 0 0
eeconomemic 1 0 0
emountouc 1 0 0
enomic 1 0 0
enomices 1 0 0
enomicies 1 0 0
enomince 1 0 0
enomonics 0 0 1
equanomicks 1 0 0
equinix 1 0 0
equinomics 1 0 0
$edition 115 173 184 85 27 16
addiation 1 0 0
addishation 1 0 0
addision 2 0 0
addison 0 1 0
addistion 0 1 0
addition 53 16 12
additional 1 0 0
additioned 0 1 0
adiation 1 0 0
adiction 1 0 0
adisction 1 0 0
adition 7 0 2
condition 0 1 0
eddetion 1 0 0
eddition 12 6 0
edeation 1 0 0
edision 1 0 1
edison 1 0 0
editions 0 1 0 *
eidition 0 0 1
idditions 0 1 0
$efficiency 80 149 170 120 51 30
afeatiensly 1 0 0
affaicentaly 1 0 0
affeci 1 0 0
affeciency 1 1 0
affectioncy 1 0 0
afficeance 1 0 0
afficiency 2 1 0
afficincey 1 0 0
aficiency 1 0 0
afishancey 1 0 0
afunish 1 0 0
avitioncy 1 0 0
eafishency 1 0 0
ecicity 1 0 0
efecency 1 0 0
efeciency 3 1 0
efectione 1 0 0
efenacice 1 0 0
eff 1 0 0
effeceincy 1 1 0
effecency 2 1 0
effecentce 1 0 0
effeceny 1 0 0
effeciance 0 1 0
effeciancy 1 1 0
effecience 0 1 0
effeciencice 1 0 0
effeciency 16 17 20
effecienny 0 0 1
effeciently 0 1 0
effecienty 1 0 0
effecincy 1 0 0
effecintcy 1 0 0
effecinty 1 0 0
effect 1 0 0
effectence 1 0 0
effectinal 1 0 0
effencey 1 1 0
effenciency 0 1 0
effency 3 0 0
effenice 1 0 0
effesee 0 1 0
efficaincey 1 0 0
efficancie 1 0 0
efficanses 1 0 0
efficates 1 0 0
efficeincy 4 1 2
efficence 0 1 0
efficency 7 6 2
efficenity 1 0 0
efficenty 1 0 0
efficiancy 6 0 1
efficience 2 1 0
efficiencely 0 1 0
efficiences 1 0 0
efficientally 0 1 0
efficientance 1 0 0
efficientcy 4 2 0
efficientency 0 1 1
efficiently 1 1 1
efficienty 1 2 0
efficientys 1 0 0
efficieny 1 0 0
efficinity 1 1 0
efficinty 1 0 0
effictioncy 1 0 0
effiency 6 2 1
effienicy 1 0 0
effientcy 1 0 0
effitiancy 1 0 0
effucency 1 0 0
eficeincy 0 0 1
eficency 1 0 0
eficiciency 1 0 0
eficiency 1 0 0
efientcey 1 0 0
efincer 1 0 0
efishency 2 0 0
efishensy 1 0 0
efishocry 1 0 0
epfacious 1 0 0
exicity 1 0 0
ifficiency 1 0 0
$elementary 92 159 194 108 41 6
alamenteria 1 0 0
alementory 1 0 0
alermentary 1 0 0
aliementery 1 0 0
alimentary 5 4 0
alimentory 2 0 0
alimentry 2 0 0
allementary 2 0 0
alleminally 1 0 0
allimentary 1 0 0
alumentry 1 0 0
elamenatry 1 0 0
elamentarey 1 0 0
elamentary 1 1 0
elamentorey 1 0 0
elamentrie 1 0 0
elamentry 2 0 0
elecomarity 1 0 0
elemanary 1 0 0
elemanitary 1 0 0
elemantary 0 2 0
elemantra 1 0 0
elematary 1 0 0
elemantery 2 0 0
elematery 1 0 0
elementeny 1 0 0
elementery 8 2 0
elementiary 0 1 0
elementory 4 0 0
elementrary 1 0 0
elementry 10 7 3
elementtorray 1 0 0
elemetry 2 0 0
eleminetry 1 0 0
elemintary 0 2 1
elementery 1 0 0
elemntary 1 0 0
elemtary 3 1 0
eletermentry 1 0 0
elimenory 1 0 0
elimentary 20 14 1
elimentery 4 0 0
elimentory 0 1 0
elimentry 1 0 0
eliminatary 1 0 0
eliminatory 0 1 0
elimtry 1 0 0
ellementary 1 2 0
ellementory 1 0 1
ellimentary 2 1 0
ellimentery 2 0 0
ellimentuary 1 0 0
ellomontry 1 0 0
elmanteny 1 0 0
elmentrey 1 0 0
elomentry 1 0 0
illementary 0 1 0
lemontary 1 0 0
lertry 1 0 0
ulimentary 0 1 0
$eliminate 109 157 170 91 43 30
aliminate 0 0 1
alliminate 2 0 0
allmate 1 0 0
alluminate 1 0 0
elemanate 5 0 0
elemeate 1 0 0
elemenate 1 1 0
elementry 1 0 0
elemiate 0 1 0
eleminate 4 7 5
eleminated 0 1 0
elemintate 1 0 0
elimamate 1 0 0
elimanate 6 1 1
elimate 6 3 1
elimenate 1 3 0
elimiate 1 0 0
elimimate 1 0 1
elimiment 1 0 0
elminlate 0 0 1
elimitate 1 1 0
elimnat 1 0 0
elimtnate 1 0 0
ellimanate 2 0 0
ellimenate 0 2 0
elliminate 12 3 7
elminate 1 0 1
elumanate 1 0 0
illimnate 2 0 0
elinate 1 0 0
emaat 1 0 0
iliminate 4 0 0
ilimitate 1 0 0
ilimnate 2 0 0
illimanate 1 0 0
illimate 0 1 1
illimenate 1 0 0
illiminate 17 8 10
illimitate 0 1 0
illimunate 0 1 0
illumiate 0 1 0
illuminate 1 1 1
iluminate 1 0 0
imitate 1 0 0
lemate 1 0 0
$employees 135 177 187 65 23 13
emplaryes 0 1 0
emploees 1 0 0
emploes 1 0 0
emploiees 1 0 0
emploies 12 4 1
employ 0 0 1
employee 2 1 0
Employees 1 0 0
employee's 1 7 2
employees' 0 0 1
employeies 1 0 0
employeis 2 0 0
employers 0 1 0
employes 16 5 4
employe's 0 0 1
employese 2 0 0
employies 18 2 1
employmes 1 0 0
employs 1 0 0
employt 1 0 0
empolyees 0 0 1
imployees 2 1 0
imployes 1 0 0
imployese 0 0 1
inployee 1 0 0
$enemies 125 189 198 75 11 2
ememy 0 1 0
emenies 2 0 0
emeny 1 0 0
emenys 1 0 0
emimies 0 1 0
eminies 2 0 0
emmies 1 0 0
emmines 2 0 0
enameyes 1 0 0
enamies 1 0 0
enamys 1 0 0
enanis 1 0 0
enemeies 0 1 0
enemeys 2 1 0
enemy 1 0 0
enemyies 1 0 0
enemy's 1 0 0
enemys 19 0 0
eniemies 1 0 0
enimeies 1 0 0
enimes 2 0 0
enimesies 1 0 0
enimeus 1 0 0
enimeys 1 0 0
enimies 26 5 2
enmenies 1 0 0
enmeys 1 0 0
enmies 2 1 0
enmoneys 1 0 0
$enemy 162 190 199 38 10 1
einniie 1 0 0
ememey 1 0 0
ememy 2 0 0
emeny 3 0 0
emery 1 0 0
emigin 0 1 0
emiomy 1 0 0
emmey 1 0 0
emny 0 1 0
emoney 1 0 0
enainey 1 0 0
enamie 1 0 0
enamy 4 0 0
enemey 3 2 0
enemie 3 0 0
Enemy 0 0 1
enmeny 1 0 0
enmey 0 1 0
eneny 2 0 0
enime 1 0 0
enimey 2 1 0
enimy 3 4 0
enmy 2 0 0
ennamie 1 0 0
enymony 1 0 0
$enthusiasm 98 167 192 102 33 8
anthosseacteam 1 0 0
anthuisum 1 0 0
emsuiasim 1 0 0
emthouezam 1 0 0
enclusim 1 0 0
enqusiasm 0 1 0
enthausiam 1 4 0
entheausium 1 0 0
entheuiasm 1 3 0
entheuseasm 1 1 0
entheusiasism 1 0 0
enthissiasm 1 0 0
enthosaum 1 0 0
enthoseasem 2 0 0
enthousiasum 2 0 0
enthousizam 1 0 0
enthoustim 1 0 0
enthsuthamas 1 0 0
enthuahim 1 0 0
enthuans 1 0 0
enthuasism 1 3 4
enthuastim 1 0 0
enthuasum 1 0 0
enthuesiasm 1 0 0
enthuiasm 0 1 1
enthuisiasm 1 0 0
enthusam 3 1 0
enthusasam 1 2 0
enthusasium 3 0 0
enthusasm 1 0 0
enthusaum 1 1 0
enthuseasim 2 0 0
enthuseasum 2 0 0
enthuseazim 1 0 0
enthusesiasm 0 0 1
enthusiam 1 5 0
enthusian 1 0 0
enthusiasam 4 0 0
enthusiasiam 3 0 0
enthusiasim 5 3 0
enthusiasimium 0 1 0
Enthusiasm 0 1 0
enthusiasum 1 0 0
enthusiasthusm 1 0 0
enthusiasymn 1 0 0
enthusiazm 1 1 0
enthusim 2 1 0
enthusism 0 0 1
enthusizas 0 1 0
enthustack 0 1 0
enthustastic 1 0 0
enthustism 1 0 0
enthustuac 1 0 0
enthustum 1 0 0
enthusuain 1 0 0
entusiansome 1 0 0
entusiasum 1 0 0
ethusaism 1 0 0
imthusitism 1 0 0
inclusiv 1 0 0
inclustion 1 0 0
influsiasim 1 0 0
infusiasam 1 0 0
inhustism 1 0 0
iniosasth 1 0 0
instusthem 1 0 0
intheseasume 1 0 0
inthosiasem 2 0 0
inthougm 1 0 0
inthousem 1 0 0
inthousiaum 1 1 0
inthuasium 2 0 0
inthuoiasm 1 0 0
inthusasm 1 0 0
inthuseaasmn 1 0 0
inthuseadam 1 0 0
inthuseasem 2 0 0
inthuseasium 2 0 0
inthusetism 1 0 0
inthusiasm 3 0 0
inthusiasum 4 0 0
$enthusiastic 108 152 182 92 48 18
amtostes 1 0 0
anthousyastic 1 0 0
anthuestic 0 1 0
anthusenta 1 0 0
anthuseastic 1 0 0
anthusiastic 3 1 0
emtheuastic 1 0 0
emthusiastic 1 0 0
enchusestic 1 0 0
enethusatic 0 1 0
Ensysastic 1 0 0
enthaustatic 1 0 0
entheastics 1 0 0
entheusastic 0 1 1
entheusiasm 0 1 0
entheusiastic 0 0 1
entheustac 1 0 0
entheuzeastic 1 0 0
enthewastic 1 0 0
enthousastic 0 1 0
enthousiastic 0 1 0
enthsatic 0 1 0
enthuastic 8 3 2
enthuesastic 3 0 0
enthuesiastic 1 0 0
enthuestiastic 1 0 0
enthuestic 1 1 0
enthuiastic 1 1 4
enthusaism 0 1 0
enthusastic 6 5 3
enthusatic 3 2 0
enthuseastic 8 5 0
enthusec 1 0 0
enthusesastic 1 0 0
enthusiasic 1 0 0
enthusiasistic 1 0 0
enthusiasm 0 1 0
enthusiatic 1 2 0
enthusicastic 1 0 0
enthusicatic 1 0 0
enthusisastic 0 2 0
enthusistic 0 1 0
enthustacic 1 0 0
enthustiastic 0 1 0
enthustistic 0 1 0
enthustic 1 0 2
enthyswastic 0 1 0
entoenaskit 1 0 0
entureasticty 1 0 0
entuseastic 1 0 0
entusiastic 0 0 1
enuthic 0 1 0
ethusiastic 0 2 0
imfusiastic 1 0 0
imsuetastic 1 0 0
inclostic 1 0 0
inehusastic 1 0 0
influenzait 0 1 0
infuseatic 1 0 0
intherouus 1 0 0
inthuastic 1 0 0
inthusaastic 1 0 0
inthusastec 1 0 0
inthusastic 2 1 0
inthuseastic 1 1 0
inthusestace 1 0 0
inthusiaics 1 0 0
inthusiastic 12 4 1
inthusiatic 0 1 0
inthusistic 1 0 0
inthustic 1 0 0
intusintic 1 0 0
$entrance 158 189 196 42 11 4
entarnance 1 0 0
enterance 7 5 2
enterence 6 2 0
enterences' 1 0 0
enternce 1 0 0
enterns 1 0 0
enters 1 0 0
entirence 1 0 0
entranc 1 0 0
entrances 1 1 0 *
entranse 1 0 0
entrante 0 0 1
entrants 0 1 0
entrece 1 0 0
entrenance 1 0 0
entrence 7 2 1
Entrence 2 0 0
entrens 1 0 0
entrese 1 0 0
entronce 0 1 0
interence 2 0 0
interest 1 0 0
intrance 1 0 0
intre 1 0 0
intrentence 1 0 0
intretrence 1 0 0
intronts 1 0 0
$epistle 64 137 187 136 63 13
apicial 0 1 0
apisil 0 1 0
apistle 4 0 0
apisol 1 0 0
aposil 1 0 0
apostals 0 1 0
apostle 1 0 0
appical 0 1 0
appicial 1 0 0
appisaple 1 0 0
appiscel 1 0 0
depical 0 1 0
epaciol 1 0 0
Epasil 1 0 0
epecial 1 1 0
epecil 1 0 0
epecle 2 0 0
epesal 1 0 0
Epesale 1 0 0
epesial 1 0 0
epessil 1 0 0
ephisal 1 1 0
Ephisile 0 1 0
ephistol 1 0 0
ephocial 0 1 0
ephsil 1 0 0
epical 3 0 1
epicale 1 0 0
epicate 1 0 0
epicatle 0 1 0
epicial 4 0 0
epicicle 1 0 0
epicil 1 1 0
epicile 4 1 0
epicle 2 0 0
episal 10 6 1
episale 1 0 0
episcal 2 0 0
episcel 0 1 0
episcicel 1 0 0
episcle 3 5 0
episcole 0 0 1
episcula 1 0 0
episel 5 3 0
episels 0 1 0
episeole 0 1 0
episial 5 0 0
episical 1 0 0
episicle 0 1 0
episil 3 2 0
episile 4 1 0
episille 0 1 0
episitle 0 1 0
episle 2 2 1
epislte 2 0 0
episol 11 4 0
episole 1 2 0
episolle 0 1 0
epissal 2 1 0
epissel 4 0 0
Epissel 1 1 0
epissile 1 0 0
epissle 1 0 0
epissol 1 0 0
Epissol 0 1 0
epistal 2 1 0
epistel 2 2 0
epistile 0 0 1
Epistile 0 0 2
Epistle 0 1 3
epistles 0 1 0 *
epistol 6 3 0
epistole 0 1 0
episule 1 0 0
episuple 1 0 0
epitol 1 0 0
epolis 0 1 0
epolte 1 0 0
epostle 0 1 0
eppical 1 0 0
eppisel 1 1 0
eppisial 1 0 0
eppisiol 1 0 0
eppissel 0 1 0
eppissle 1 0 0
eppissol 1 0 0
epsol 1 0 0
epstle 1 0 0
espestial 1 0 0
espical 1 1 0
espistol 1 0 0
esspesal 1 0 0
evisal 1 0 0
immippisal 1 0 0
impicsal 1 0 0
ipisol 1 0 0
ippisel 1 0 0
pistol 0 0 1
$equipped 90 152 149 110 48 51
aquipt 1 0 0
eclipse 1 0 0
ecqueped 1 0 0
ecquipped 1 0 0
ecquipt 1 0 0
eqquipped 1 0 0
eqquipped 0 0 1
eqquped 1 0 0
equate 1 0 0
equept 2 0 0
equiated 1 0 0
equict 1 0 0
equiept 1 0 0
equiet 1 0 0
equip 1 1 2
equipd 1 0 0
equiped 34 25 25
equipet 1 0 0
equipeted 1 0 0
equipite 1 0 0
equippt 2 1 0
equippted 1 0 0
equipt 32 16 14
equipte 1 0 0
equipted 12 5 5
equiptment 1 0 0
equit 1 0 0
equite 1 0 0
equivited 1 0 0
equped 0 0 1
equpped 2 0 0
equpted 0 0 1
exquiped 1 0 0
iquipped 0 0 1
quit 0 0 1
$ere 90 132 139 110 67 61
aeir 1 0 0
ae'r 0 1 0
a'er 2 0 0
aer 7 2 1
aere 1 0 0
aierre 1 0 0
air 11 1 0
aire 10 2 0
a'r 1 0 0
ar 2 0 0
a're 1 0 0
are 1 0 0
area 1 0 0
arie 1 0 0
arre 1 0 0
ayre 1 0 0
eair 1 0 0
ear 0 1 1
'e'er 0 1 0
e'er 3 10 20
e_er 1 0 0
'eer 1 2 1
ee'r 1 0 1
eer' 1 0 0
ei'r 1 0 0
eir 6 1 1
eire 0 1 0
'er 1 1 2
e'r 1 0 0
er 1 0 1
era 1 1 0
'ere 8 7 7
e're 6 15 2
er'e 0 2 0
ere' 1 0 0
err 5 15 18
'err 0 0 2
error 1 0 0
evr 0 1 0
hair 3 0 0
har 1 0 0
heir 17 3 1
hier 1 0 0
ier 1 0 0
$esteemed 102 156 173 98 44 27
aslaimed 1 0 0
assteamed 2 0 0
assteemed 1 0 0
asteam 0 1 0
asteamed 6 2 0
asteamend 1 0 0
asteemed 6 3 0
asteened 0 1 0
astemed 5 1 0
asthemed 1 0 0
astiened 1 0 0
esestemed 1 0 0
essteamed 3 1 0
essteemed 2 1 0
esstemend 1 0 0
estaimee 1 0 0
estamed 1 0 0
esteam 1 1 0
esteamd 1 0 0
esteamed 22 4 1
esteem 4 12 10
esteeme 0 1 0
esteems 1 0 0
esteen 1 0 0
esteened 5 0 0
esteimed 0 0 1
estamane 0 1 0
estemded 0 1 0
estemed 15 6 3
estemend 1 0 0
estemened 0 1 0
estemined 1 0 0
estemit 1 0 0
estemmed 2 0 1
estened 1 0 0
estiemed 0 0 2
estiened 1 0 0
estimed 5 6 6
Estimen 0 1 0
estimmed 0 0 1
estined 3 0 0
extemed 0 0 1
$eventually 124 183 195 76 17 5
advantageous 1 0 0
aventially 1 1 0
aventually 0 1 1
edentually 1 0 0
effecially 1 0 0
elentenially 1 0 0
enivenutualy 0 2 0
enventually 1 0 0
envenutly 1 0 0
evantually 0 1 0
evanuly 1 0 0
evedenitly 1 0 0
evedentually 0 0 1
evidentually 0 1 0
eviencily 1 0 0
evenauly 1 0 0
evencial 1 0 0
evencially 2 0 0
evencitlly 1 0 0
evencually 1 0 0
evencualy 1 0 0
evendully 1 0 0
evengely 1 0 0
evengualy 2 0 0
evenshealy 1 0 0
eventally 0 1 0
eventeualy 1 0 0
eventgaley 1 0 0
eventially 6 2 0
eventialy 3 0 0
eventiaully 1 0 0
eventionally 1 0 0
eventionaly 1 0 0
eventiouly 0 1 0
eventiually 1 0 0
eventual 2 0 0
Eventually 0 0 1
eventualy 17 1 2
eventuely 1 0 0
eventully 4 1 0
eventuly 6 0 0
eventuially 0 1 0
eventurally 1 0 0
eventuraly 1 0 0
eventurely 1 0 0
evenually 3 1 0
evetually 1 0 0
evidentially 0 1 0
evintually 1 0 0
$existence 68 126 164 132 74 36
aegsistance 1 0 0
agustance 1 0 0
aksistance 1 0 0
asentence 1 0 0
egsistence 1 0 0
egsistent 1 0 0
egxistence 1 0 0
escigence 1 0 0
exastance 2 0 0
excetance 1 0 0
excistance 2 0 0
excistence 5 0 0
excitence 1 0 0
excitiencts 1 0 0
exeistange 1 0 0
exesistance 1 0 0
exestance 2 0 0
exestence 2 1 0
exetremties 0 1 0
exgistance 1 0 0
exhistance 3 1 0
exhistence 1 0 0
exisance 1 0 0
exisatance 1 0 0
exist 1 1 0
existance 56 60 35
existances 1 0 0
existants 1 2 0
existences 3 0 0 *
existendent 1 0 0
existens 1 0 0
existense 1 1 0
existiance 3 0 0
existin 1 0 0
existionse 1 0 0
existince 1 0 0
existing 1 0 0
existionate 1 0 0
existions 1 0 0
exizentence 1 0 0
exsastiance 1 0 0
exsentes 1 0 0
exsintence 1 0 0
exsistance 9 7 0
exsistence 7 0 1
exsistents 1 0 0
exsistion 1 0 0
exsstants 1 0 0
extent 1 0 0
exzistance 1 0 0
$exists 82 171 171 118 29 29
agsis 1 0 0
axist 1 0 1
egisises 1 0 0
egsests 1 0 0
egsist 1 0 0
eists 0 0 1
erists 1 0 0
esist 1 0 0
ex 0 1 0
exaist 1 0 0
excess 1 0 0
excesses 0 1 0
excest 1 0 0
exchists 1 0 0
exci 1 0 0
excist 1 0 0
excists 2 0 0
execesses 1 0 0
exest 1 0 0
exhist 2 0 0
exhisted 1 0 0
exhists 2 1 4
exicets 1 0 0
exictes 1 0 0
exiist 1 0 0
exis 1 0 0
exisess 1 0 0
exisest 1 0 0
exisist 1 0 0
exisists 1 0 0
exisits 1 0 2
exist 26 13 16
existed 1 0 0
existes 4 0 0
existists 1 0 0
Exists 0 1 2
exist's 2 0 0
exits 2 1 0
exqist 1 0 0
exsests 1 0 0
exsis 1 0 0
exsiss 1 0 0
exsist 11 3 0
exsistes 2 3 0
exsists 26 3 3
exsitists 1 0 0
exsits 0 2 0
exzests 1 0 0
exzist 1 0 0
$expenditure 111 189 196 89 11 4
acspanditure 1 0 0
erspendituer 1 0 0
expediture 1 0 0
expenature 2 0 0
expenculaious 1 0 0
expendature 14 2 0
expendehure 1 0 0
expendenture 3 1 1
expender 2 0 0
expenderhur 1 0 0
expendetature 1 0 0
expendeter 1 0 0
expendeture 8 1 0
expendicular 1 0 0
expendicure 1 0 0
expendidjuer 1 0 0
expendidture 1 0 0
expendidure 1 0 0
expendijur 1 0 0
expenditur 0 1 0
expenditures 0 4 0 *
expendture 4 1 0
expendurature 0 0 1
expendure 2 2 0
expenduture 0 2 0
expendy 1 0 0
expeniditure 1 0 0
expenidure 0 0 1
expenisture 1 0 0
expeniture 5 0 0
expenitture 1 0 0
expenterture 1 0 0
expentiture 2 0 0
expenture 7 1 0
expidenture 1 0 0
expindid 1 0 0
expinditure 0 0 1
expinture 1 0 0
exspendesure 1 0 0
exspendious 1 0 0
exspenditure 8 0 0
exspeniture 1 0 0
exspensure 3 0 0
expetiol 1 0 0
ixpinditure 1 0 0
$exquisite 69 162 187 131 38 13
enquisit 1 0 0
equisute 1 0 0
ercusite 0 1 0
excaiyate 1 0 0
excrisit 1 0 0
excucisite 0 1 1
excuisit 1 0 0
excuit 1 0 0
excuite 1 0 0
excuset 1 0 0
excusit 5 2 0
excutive 2 0 0
execusite 1 0 0
exiquisite 1 2 0
exit 1 0 0
exposit 1 1 1
exquast 1 0 0
exqueset 1 1 0
exquesite 1 1 0
exquesive 1 0 0
exquest 1 0 0
exqueste 2 0 0
exquicit 1 0 0
exquisate 4 0 0
exquiset 12 3 3
exquisete 1 0 0
exquisette 1 0 0
exquisit 34 20 0
Exquisite 0 2 1
exquist 4 1 0
exquiste 10 1 0
exquit 3 1 0
exquitive 1 0 0
exquitz 1 0 0
exquivish 1 0 0
exquizet 3 0 0
exquizit 2 0 0
exqus 1 0 0
exqusette 1 0 0
exqusit 6 0 2
exqusite 6 1 4
exqusity 1 0 0
exqust 1 0 0
exquted 1 0 0
exsquisest 1 0 0
exsquisit 1 0 1
exsquite 1 0 0
exusied 1 0 0
exwiset 1 0 0
exzaiate 1 0 0
exzuite 1 0 0
Isqusate 1 0 0
$extraordinary 98 149 156 102 51 44
axtridanary 1 0 0
ersordanary 1 0 0
evteroridinary 1 0 0
exirordinary 0 1 0
exordinory 1 0 0
exsionnanny 1 0 0
extaordinary 0 1 0
extarordinary 0 1 0
exterionordy 1 0 0
exterorary 1 0 0
exterordanry 1 0 0
exterordenary 1 0 0
exterordinary 2 0 0
extheordinary 1 0 0
extoranary 1 0 0
extorandory 1 0 0
extorandy 1 0 0
extordinary 2 0 0
extordonary 1 0 0
extorordinary 1 0 0
extorytanary 1 0 0
extradarinary 0 1 0
extradinary 1 0 0
extradionary 0 0 2
extradornary 1 0 0
extraodeny 1 0 0
extraoratinary 1 0 0
extraordainary 1 0 0
extraordanary 5 0 0
extra-ordanry 0 1 0
extraordany 1 0 0
extraordary 1 0 0
extraordenary 1 0 0
extra_ordenary 1 0 0
extra_ordenery 0 0 1
extraordernery 1 0 0
extraordinarilly 1 0 0
extraordinarily 0 3 0
ex_tra_ordinary 1 0 0
ex_traordinary 0 0 1
extra_ordinary 5 0 10
extra-ordinary 1 6 11
extraordinory 0 2 0
extraordnary 3 0 0
extraordonary 2 0 0
extraordorinary 1 0 0
extraordry 1 0 0
extraordunary 1 0 0
extraori 1 0 0
extraoridinary 1 0 0
extraorinary 1 0 0
extrarordy 1 0 0
extratordary 0 1 0
extreordenary 1 0 0
extreordinary 0 0 1
extriodinary 1 0 0
extriordinary 1 0 0
extriordonary 1 0 0
extroadinary 1 2 0
extroaedinary 0 0 1
extroardinary 1 1 2
extroary 1 0 0
extrodainary 1 0 0
extrodanry 1 0 0
extrodary 0 1 0
extrodenary 1 0 0
extrodernary 1 0 0
extrodinary 13 8 2
extroganary 1 0 0
extroidanary 0 1 0
extroidnary 0 1 0
extronary 1 0 0
extronialy 0 1 0
extroondray 1 0 0
extroordeny 1 0 0
extroordinary 0 3 1
extrordanary 4 0 0
extrordanry 2 0 0
extrordary 1 0 0
extrordenary 1 0 0
extrordinary 5 13 6
extrordonary 0 0 1
extrorindary 1 0 0
extrory 1 0 0
extroynary 1 0 0
exturorary 1 0 0
$facilities 97 158 191 103 42 9
facatilites 0 1 0
faccilities 1 0 0
faccillity 1 0 0
facelities 1 0 0
faciatities 1 0 0
facilaties 2 0 1
faciliaties 0 1 0
facililies 1 0 0
facilitate 0 1 0
facilitaties 1 0 0
facilitys 1 0 0
facillate 1 0 0
facillaties 2 0 0
facillities 6 5 2
facillitives 1 0 0
facillitys 1 0 0
facitalies 1 0 0
facitelies 2 0 0
facitities 1 1 0
faclisisy 0 1 0
factulties 1 0 0
faculilies 0 1 0
fascilities 2 3 2
fasilities 3 0 0
fasivialys 1 0 0
facellities 1 0 0
fecilities 1 2 1
ficcilitys 1 0 0
ficilities 6 1 1
ficilityes 1 0 0
ficillilies 0 1 0
ficiltys 1 0 0
fillicities 0 1 0
fucilities 1 1 0
fulcilities 1 1 0
fulsilaties 1 0 0
pacilities 1 0 0
phacilities 3 0 0
phaipilifys 1 0 0
phasillities 1 0 0
phcilaties 1 0 0
phesilaties 0 1 0
phicilities 1 0 0
philidities 0 1 0
philisities 1 0 0
phisititivies 1 0 0
phsilities 2 0 0
physcilities 1 0 0
physialities 1 0 0
physics 1 0 0
physilities 3 2 0
physilosphy 1 0 0
physiloties 1 0 0
picilities 1 0 0
vacalities 2 0 0
vacellities 0 1 0
vacilaties 1 0 0
vacilities 10 4 1
vacilitiys 1 0 0
vacillities 1 0 1
valicities 1 0 0
vascilities 0 1 0
vasilate 1 0 0
vasilities 2 0 0
vasility 1 0 0
vaster 0 1 0
vecilities 0 1 0
vecelosities 0 1 0
versilities 1 0 0
viccivales 1 0 0
vicilities 0 1 0
vicillilies 1 0 0
vicincities 0 1 0
vicinities 1 0 0
viculay 1 0 0
vilictes 0 1 0
visility 1 0 0
visitilly 1 0 0
vislitys 1 0 0
$fascinating 43 109 144 157 91 56
afasting 1 0 0
basnating 1 0 0
facanating 2 0 0
facanationty 1 0 0
facasenating 0 1 0
faccinating 2 0 1
faccinaty 1 0 0
facinate 0 1 0
facinatly 0 0 1
facinateing 2 0 0
facinating 60 51 49
facination 0 1 0
facinatung 2 0 0
facinatting 1 2 0
facisinating 0 1 1
facisnating 0 1 0
facl 1 0 0
falcity 1 0 0
fasanating 2 2 0
fasating 1 0 0
fascenating 1 0 2
fasceniating 1 0 0
fascicaneting 0 1 0
fascinanting 0 1 0
fascinated 1 0 0
fascinateing 0 1 0
fascinateingly 1 0 0
fascisnating 2 0 0
fasenating 0 1 0
fasenitaing 0 1 0
fasicinateing 1 0 0
fasignating 0 1 0
fasinate 1 0 0
fasinately 1 0 0
fasinating 34 17 2
fasinatly 2 0 0
fasinatting 1 0 0
fasionating 1 0 0
fastanating 1 0 0
fastenating 1 1 0
fastened 0 1 0
fastening 1 1 0
fastinating 7 2 0
fasunating 1 0 0
fatnating 1 0 0
faucinating 1 1 0
fausinating 1 0 0
fecinating 2 0 0
festinating 1 0 0
fiascinating 1 0 0
vaciating 1 0 0
vacinating 1 0 0
vasationing 1 0 0
vascanting 1 0 0
vascinating 1 0 0
vasinaing 1 0 0
vasinating 2 0 0
vasintiting 1 0 0
$financially 119 171 190 81 29 10
famficay 1 0 0
fanacialy 1 0 0
fananually 1 0 0
fanincally 0 1 0
fenancialy 1 0 0
fianancally 1 0 0
fianancially 0 1 0
fiancially 1 1 0
fianicially 0 1 0
fianiclly 1 0 0
fimashly 1 0 0
finachily 1 0 0
finacially 7 2 2
finaciancally 1 0 0
finacilly 1 0 0
finaily 1 0 0
finaling 0 1 0
finally 1 0 0
financeally 0 0 1
financel 1 0 0
financely 0 0 1
financhally 1 0 0
finaitially 1 0 0
financally 3 1 0
financhilly 1 0 0
financial 2 2 0
financialy 8 4 1
financilly 3 0 0
financily 1 1 0
financinally 1 0 0
financle 1 0 0
financly 0 1 0
financually 2 1 0
financuly 1 0 0
finanialy 0 1 0
finanically 2 2 1
finantially 1 1 0
finantionally 0 1 0
finantually 2 0 0
finately 1 0 0
finatially 1 0 0
finationly 1 0 0
finattioncely 1 0 0
finatually 3 0 0
fincially 1 0 0
fineanancely 1 0 0
finially 1 0 0
finiancally 0 0 1
finiancely 1 0 0
finiancially 2 1 1
finiancialy 1 0 0
finiancle 0 1 0
finically 1 1 0
finicially 2 0 0
finincally 0 1 0
finincially 0 1 0
fininculay 1 0 0
finitually 1 0 0
finnacally 1 1 0
finnacily 1 0 0
finnancially 1 0 1
finnancilly 1 0 0
finnanially 0 0 1
finncually 1 0 0
fnaniancly 1 0 0
funiluty 1 0 0
$folk 176 190 200 24 10 0
falk 1 3 0
floke 1 0 0
foak 1 0 0
foaks 1 0 0
fock 4 0 0
fok 1 0 0
foke 5 1 0
fokl 1 0 0
folck 1 0 0
folh 0 1 0
Folk 0 2 0
folke 0 1 0
folkes 1 0 0
folks 3 0 3 *
folf 1 0 0
fouck 1 0 0
fouk 1 0 0
oak 1 0 0
phock 1 0 0
vote 1 0 0
$folks 181 193 195 19 7 5
focks 1 1 0
fokes 5 0 0
folk 0 0 1
folkes 3 1 1
folk's 4 3 1
folks' 2 0 0
follcs 0 0 1
foucks 1 0 0
phockus 1 0 0
polks 1 0 0
quotes 0 1 0
so-folk 1 0 0
$folly 161 182 196 39 18 4
falaly 1 0 0
falley 1 0 0
fallow 2 0 0
fally 4 8 1
fie 1 0 0
five 0 1 0
floly 1 0 0
foley 1 0 0
folie 0 1 0
folley 14 5 1
follie 4 1 0
follies 1 0 0
following 0 0 1
folloy 2 0 0
foly 2 0 0
foolling 1 0 0
fooly 1 0 0
fouley 0 1 0
foully 1 0 0
fuelly 1 0 0
voley 1 0 0
volley 0 1 0
$fundamental 87 154 181 113 46 19
fendamentle 1 0 0
fondemental 1 0 0
fondimetal 1 0 0
fondmental 1 0 0
fondundmental 1 0 0
fonitmilny 1 0 0
foundimental 1 0 0
foundmental 1 0 0
fudumetal 1 0 0
fumentatle 1 0 0
funamental 1 1 0
Fundamental 0 1 0
fundamentel 3 0 0
fundamentle 3 0 0
fundametal 2 0 0
fundametle 0 1 0
fundamntal 1 0 0
fundelmental 1 0 0
fundelmentel 1 0 0
fundelmentl 1 0 0
fundelmentle 0 1 0
fundemanted 1 0 0
fundematly 1 0 0
fundemental 32 22 13
fundementel 2 1 0
fundementle 1 0 0
fundemetal 1 0 0
fundemintal 1 0 0
fundemital 1 0 0
fundenmental 2 1 1
fundenmentle 1 0 0
fundertmal 0 1 0
fundial 1 0 0
fundimatle 1 0 0
fundimental 21 11 5
fundimential 1 0 0
fundimentle 3 1 0
fundlementle 1 0 0
fundmental 3 4 0
fundmentel 1 0 0
fundomental 1 0 0
fundteal 1 0 0
fundtmental 1 0 0
fundumental 1 1 0
fundumentle 1 0 0
funmental 1 0 0
funtametal 2 0 0
funtimental 1 0 0
funtumentu 1 0 0
vundamental 1 0 0
vundimental 1 0 0
vuntamentl 1 0 0
$galvanized 134 172 166 66 28 34
calvanized 3 0 0
Calvinize 0 1 0
calvinized 1 0 0
calvinized 1 0 0
galanized 1 0 0
galavined 1 0 0
galavinized 1 0 0
galinised 1 0 0
galunoged 1 0 0
galvaize 1 0 0
galvanise 2 0 0
galvanised 6 2 0
galvanize 8 8 24
galvansive 1 0 0
galvantized 0 1 0
galvanzied 1 0 0
galvenice 1 0 0
galvenize 1 1 0
galvenized 5 3 2
galvennized 1 1 0
galvilnize 1 0 0
galvinazed 1 0 0
galvinised 3 0 0
galvinize 0 1 0
galvinized 10 6 6
galvinse 1 0 0
galviz 1 0 0
galvonized 4 3 2
galvunize 1 0 0
gavanised 1 0 0
gavanize 0 1 0
gavannize 1 0 0
gavlinize 1 0 0
gelvanized 1 0 0
gulvenized 1 0 0
$genius 88 177 183 112 23 17
adjeanious 1 0 0
chenus 1 0 0
geanios 1 0 0
geanies 1 0 0
geenus 1 0 0
geenyous 1 0 1
gemese 1 0 0
geneye 1 0 0
geneius 1 0 1
geneous 11 1 3
geneus 2 0 0
genies 0 1 1
genios 1 0 0
genious 53 19 9
Genious 0 0 1
genis 1 0 0
genity 1 0 0
geniues 2 0 0
Genius 0 0 1
genous 6 0 0
genues 1 0 0
genuis 2 0 0
genus 7 2 0
genuse 2 0 0
genuss 1 0 0
giness 1 0 0
gneass 1 0 0
guenious 1 0 0
guinious 1 0 0
gulinuous 1 0 0
jeanes 1 0 0
Jeanues 1 0 0
jeanus 1 0 0
jemuisus 1 0 0
jenius 1 0 0
jenuious 1 0 0
jeyionus 1 0 0
venus 1 0 0
$geometry 120 190 189 80 10 11
geamatie 1 0 0
geametry 0 1 0
Geanarly 1 0 0
geeamontruy 1 0 0
gematree 1 0 0
gemeotry 1 0 0
gemerotry 1 1 0
gemetry 1 0 0
gemontary 1 0 0
Gemoratry 1 0 0
gemotery 1 1 0
genonary 1 0 0
geogamgrey 1 0 0
geomatery 1 0 0
geomatory 2 0 0
geomatry 8 2 2
geomeltry 1 0 0
geomentry 1 1 0
geomeotry 1 0 0
geomertry 5 0 0
geometary 2 0 0
Geometery 1 0 0
geometery 5 4 0
geometrey 1 0 0
geometriy 1 0 0
Geometry 2 0 8
geomety 1 0 0
geomiorty 0 0 1
geomitec 1 0 0
geomitree 3 0 0
geomitry 4 0 0
geommitry 1 0 0
geomometry 1 0 0
geomoratry 1 0 0
geomotary 2 0 0
Geomotery 1 0 0
geomotery 1 0 0
geomotre 1 0 0
geomotree 1 0 0
geomotry 3 0 0
geomratry 1 0 0
geomtery 1 0 0
geomtry 3 0 0
geoomentry 1 0 0
georgry 1 0 0
geormerly 1 0 0
geromatory 1 0 0
geumatry 1 0 0
goementic 1 0 0
gomatray 1 0 0
gomonerty 1 0 0
gumitra 1 0 0
jerumantry 1 0 0
$gorgeous 101 174 178 99 26 22
corgss 1 0 0
courgious 1 0 0
garechs 1 0 0
geogrous 2 1 0
georgeous 6 11 5
georgious 2 0 1
georgous 2 0 0
georgus 2 0 0
gergious 1 0 0
gerious 1 0 0
gerougous 1 0 0
gorages 1 0 0
gordeous 3 0 0
gordges 2 0 0
gordgous 1 0 0
gordias 1 0 0
gordigous 1 0 0
gordious 1 0 0
gordius 2 0 0
gordous 1 0 0
gorduious 1 0 0
gorduous 2 0 0
gordus 1 0 0
goregous 0 1 1
goreous 0 0 1
gorestrous 1 0 0
gorgas 3 3 3
gorgeious 0 1 0
Gorgeous 0 1 4
gorges 5 0 0
gorgess 1 0 0
gorgeus 7 0 0
gorgioud 1 0 0
gorgious 6 0 3
gorgius 2 0 0
gorguis 1 1 0
gorgous 14 3 2
gorgus 5 0 0
gorguses 0 1 0
gorguss 1 0 0
gorious 1 0 0
gorjous 1 2 1
gorjust 1 0 0
goudeous 1 0 0
gourgace 1 0 0
gourgeous 1 0 1
gouvges 1 0 0
gourgous 2 1 0
gourougas 1 0 0
gourous 1 0 0
goyorges 1 0 0
guorgeous 1 0 0
$grateful 107 149 182 93 51 18
grajetfull 1 0 0
gratefull 8 0 0
gratful 2 2 0
gratiful 0 2 2
greateful 3 0 1
greatful 73 46 15
greatfule 1 0 0
great_ful 1 0 0
greatfull 2 0 0
greatfull 1 0 0
greetful 1 0 0
rainfall 0 1 0
$grippe 70 132 163 130 68 37
cripe 1 0 0
crippe 1 0 0
gape 1 0 0
greep 1 0 0
grep 0 1 0
grief 1 0 0
griep 0 1 0
grip 74 46 8
Grip 1 0 3
gripe 14 8 6
gripp 29 9 10
gripped 1 0 0
gripping 1 0 0
gript 1 0 0
grit 1 0 0
grupe 1 1 0
La_Grippe 0 1 0
la_grippe 0 0 8
la-grippe 0 0 1
quirp 1 0 0
$guarantee 86 124 163 114 76 37
carronteed 1 0 0
gaarented 1 0 0
garantee 10 4 1
garantend 1 0 0
garantie 2 0 0
garantied 1 0 0
garanttee 1 0 0
garauntee 1 2 0
garaunteed 0 1 0
garcentee 1 0 0
garent 0 1 0
garente 1 0 0
garented 1 0 0
garentee 10 3 0
garenteed 2 0 0
garenttee 1 0 0
garintie 1 0 0
garnuante 1 0 0
garrantee 2 0 0
garranteed 2 1 0
garranty 1 0 0
garrentee 2 1 0
garrntee 2 0 0
garruntee 1 0 0
gartunee 1 0 0
garuarntee 1 0 0
garunicte 0 1 0
garuntee 2 0 0
garunteed 3 0 0
garuntie 1 1 0
gaurantee 9 7 8
gaurentee 2 3 1
gaurintee 0 1 0
gaurnted 0 0 1
gaurntie 1 0 0
gaurntis 1 0 0
gaurrantee 0 1 0
grantee 2 0 0
grarentee 1 0 0
grauntee 1 0 0
guanantee 1 0 0
guantee 1 0 0
guaranly 0 0 2
guarante 0 1 0
guaranteed 5 7 4 *
guaranttee 0 1 0
guaranty 0 2 0
guarentee 10 16 8
guarenteed 1 0 2
guarenty 1 0 0
guarintee 0 2 0
guarnantee 1 0 0
guarneetee 1 0 0
guarnte 0 0 1
guarntee 9 4 5
guarnteed 1 2 0
guarrant 1 0 0
guarrante 0 0 1
guarrantee 2 5 1
guarranty 1 0 0
guarrentee 1 2 3
guarrenteed 0 0 1
guarrntee 0 1 0
guarrottee 0 1 0
guarteed 1 0 0
guaruntee 0 2 0
gurantee 0 4 0
guranteed 2 0 0
gurranteed 1 0 0
guruantee 0 1 0
quarantee 3 1 2
quarntee 0 1 0
quarrentee 0 1 0
quartee 0 1 0
qurantee 4 0 0
$guaranteed 80 111 129 120 89 71
carnentied 1 0 0
ganuntee 1 0 0
garaintie 1 0 0
garantee 1 0 0
garanteed 4 2 1
garanteet 1 0 0
garantied 1 1 0
garantiee 1 0 0
garateed 1 0 0
garatined 1 0 0
garaunteed 1 0 0
gareentied 0 1 0
garentee 3 0 0
garenteed 6 1 2
garenteeds 5 0 0
garentee-ed 1 0 0
garenteory 1 0 0
garentie 1 0 0
garentied 1 0 0
garinteed 0 0 1
garintet 1 0 0
garnateed 3 0 0
garnteed 1 0 0
garranted 1 0 0
garrantee 0 2 0
garrantied 0 1 0
garrented 4 0 0
garrentee 0 1 0
gartantie 0 1 0
garuanteed 0 0 1
garunteed 5 0 0
gauranted 0 0 1
gaurantee 2 0 1
gauranteed 8 3 2
gaureintee 1 0 0
gaurenteed 3 2 1
gaurntee 1 0 0
gaurnteed 2 0 1
gaurontied 0 2 0
gaurtanee 0 1 0
gaurteened 1 0 0
gearnt 0 1 0
genanted 1 0 0
granatee 1 0 0
gruantee 0 1 0
grananteed 1 0 0
guaranted 0 1 0
guarantee 12 25 31
guaranteeds 2 0 0
guarantied 1 3 1
guaraunteed 1 0 0
guareenteed 2 0 0
guarented 2 0 0
guarentee 0 0 2
guarenteed 5 11 11
guarentied 1 0 0
guarintee 0 2 0
guarinteed 1 0 1
guarnenteed 3 0 0
guarnted 0 1 0
guarntee 2 2 2
guarnteed 6 6 1
guarnteeded 0 1 0
guarrantee 0 0 1
guarrantee 0 1 0
guarranteed 4 8 4
guarrente 0 1 0
guarrentee 3 2 0
guarrenteed 0 1 5
guarrnteed 0 1 0
guranteed 0 1 0
guartud 1 0 0
gurented 1 0 0
gurnetted 1 0 0
quarentee 0 2 0
$guardian 98 167 182 102 33 18
gardener 1 0 0
gardan 1 0 0
garddein 1 0 0
gardean 2 1 0
gardeane 0 1 0
gardeian 1 0 0
gardein 2 0 0
garden 5 1 0
gardenin 1 1 0
gardening 1 1 0
gardian 27 8 1
gardien 7 0 0
gardin 1 0 0
gardinan 1 0 0
gardine 1 0 0
gardinen 0 1 0
gardiun 1 0 0
gargean 1 0 0
garndene 1 0 0
gauadian 0 1 0
gaudian 2 0 0
gaurdain 1 1 0
gaurdane 0 1 0
gaurdian 19 10 8
gaurdine 2 1 0
gordeam 0 1 0
gradean 1 0 0
guadean 0 1 0
guadian 2 0 0
guaradine 1 0 0
guardain 1 0 0
guardean 3 0 0
guardeen 2 1 0
guarden 1 0 0
guardend 1 0 0
guardeon 0 1 0
guardeun 1 0 0
guardien 2 1 2
guardin 0 0 1
guardine 0 0 2
guarding 1 0 0
guartien 0 0 1
guirdean 1 0 0
gurdian 1 0 1
gurriden 1 0 0
quardian 0 0 1
$imitation 92 158 180 108 42 20
amation 1 0 0
ematation 2 0 0
emitation 3 0 0
emmatation 0 1 0
emmetation 1 0 0
emmtation 1 0 0
imatation 20 6 0
imation 2 0 0
imattion 1 0 0
imetation 1 0 0
imiation 1 0 0
imitatation 1 0 0
imitiation 3 1 3
imititation 1 2 0
immataion 1 0 0
immatation 15 1 0
Immatation 0 0 1
immation 3 2 0
immatsion 1 0 0
immitation 36 23 16
immitination 1 0 0
immtation 2 0 0
immunation 1 0 0
imtation 1 0 0
inetation 1 0 0
inimation 1 0 0
initation 1 1 0
inmutation 1 1 0
inotation 0 1 0
invitation 1 0 0
invitations 0 1 0
limitation 4 0 0
$immediately 103 186 193 97 14 7
admiedatly 0 1 0
amedditly 1 0 0
amediatly 1 0 0
amidealty 1 0 0
amiedeatly 1 0 0
ammeadiclly 1 0 0
edimetily 1 0 0
ematly 1 0 0
emdiatley 1 0 0
emeadeately 1 1 1
emeanliatly 1 0 0
emidiately 1 0 0
emiditeatly 1 0 0
emietly 1 0 0
emmediately 1 1 0
emmediatly 1 0 0
emmedatly 1 0 0
enidetly 1 0 0
enneditly 1 0 0
imadeatly 1 0 0
imeadiately 1 0 0
imeadily 1 0 0
imeaditatly 1 0 0
imeaditly 1 0 0
imeddiatly 1 0 0
imedeatly 2 0 0
imediately 6 2 1
imediatley 1 0 0
imediatly 5 0 0
imenedly 1 0 0
imetialty 1 0 0
imideately 1 2 0
imidietly 1 1 0
imiedily 0 1 0
imnediatly 1 0 0
Immdiately 1 0 0
immeadiately 2 0 1
immeadiatly 2 0 0
immeadily 1 3 0
immeatily 1 0 0
immeatly 0 1 0
immedately 2 0 0
immedatly 2 0 0
immedeatly 2 0 0
immedeitly 1 0 0
immedely 1 0 0
immedially 3 0 0
immediatily 1 0 0
immediatly 25 0 2
immedictly 1 0 0
immediety 1 0 0
immeditaly 1 0 0
immeditly 1 0 0
immidately 1 0 0
immidiately 1 0 2
immediatly 1 0 0
semeteatly 1 0 0
Sixteen 1 0 0
$immensely 66 136 152 134 64 48
ameasly 1 0 0
emancely 2 0 0
emansly 1 0 0
emeansly 1 0 0
emencally 1 0 0
emencelly 1 0 0
emencely 8 2 4
emencially 1 0 0
emencialy 1 0 0
emencily 0 0 1
emencley 1 0 0
emencly 6 1 0
emenly 1 0 0
emensaly 1 0 0
emenscly 1 0 0
emenselly 1 0 0
emensely 3 0 4
emensily 3 0 0
emensley 2 4 0
emensly 14 0 2
emensouly 1 0 0
emently 1 0 0
emesly 0 1 0
emincely 1 0 0
eminsily 0 0 1
eminsly 0 1 0
emisely 1 0 0
emmecialy 1 0 0
emencly 1 0 0
emmenly 1 0 0
emmensely 4 2 3
emmensly 4 0 0
emmicly 1 0 0
emnencilly 1 0 0
emsilly 1 0 0
emsinosly 1 0 0
enem 0 1 0
enemly 0 1 0
enemsily 1 0 0
enmacly 1 0 0
Imencily 0 1 0
imencly 1 0 0
imenscly 1 0 0
imensely 6 6 0
imensily 1 0 0
imensley 1 0 0
imensly 3 2 0
imincely 0 0 1
iminsly 0 0 1
immencely 9 6 5
immencially 0 2 0
immencily 0 0 1
immencly 4 2 1
immenly 1 0 0
immennsly 1 0 0
immensaly 1 0 0
immense 0 0 1
immensity 0 0 1
immensley 2 2 0
immensly 23 26 20
immesely 1 2 0
immesly 1 0 0
imminsely 1 0 1
imnensly 0 1 0
inmencly 1 0 0
innensely 1 0 0
$incidentally 57 113 147 143 87 53
encamtly 1 0 0
enccidently 1 0 0
encidently 1 0 0
ensedently 1 0 0
ensendenally 1 0 0
ensidenlaly 1 0 0
ensidently 1 0 0
inadenatly 1 0 0
incadently 1 0 0
inccidentally 1 0 0
incdently 1 0 0
incedantally 1 0 0
incedental 1 0 0
incedentally 1 8 4
incedentaly 2 4 0
incedentely 1 1 0
incedentily 1 0 0
incedently 0 1 3
incediently 1 0 0
incedintally 1 0 0
incedintely 1 0 0
incefecient 0 1 0
incendentally 0 2 0
incendentaly 0 3 0
incidenally 0 1 0
incidendently 1 0 0
incidenially 0 1 0
incendently 2 3 0
incidenlay 1 0 0
incident 0 1 0
incidental 0 0 1
incidentaly 19 10 5
incidentely 9 3 3
incidentially 0 2 1
incidentily 2 1 1
incidentlly 1 0 1
incidently 38 22 33
incidintally 0 2 0
incidintely 0 1 0
incildently 1 0 0
incindetly 0 1 0
incodently 1 0 0
incondentially 0 1 0
indently 1 0 0
indidently 1 0 0
infedendently 1 0 0
inncidentally 1 0 0
insaldentally 1 0 0
inscentily 1 0 0
insciendently 0 1 0
insedentaly 3 0 0
insedently 2 2 0
insedetely 1 0 0
insedintly 1 0 0
inseldently 1 0 0
insendelatly 1 0 0
insendently 1 0 0
insententely 1 0 0
insetaly 1 0 0
insidenately 1 0 0
insidendens 1 0 0
insidentally 1 0 0
insidentaly 7 1 0
insidentily 1 0 0
insidentley 1 0 0
insidently 8 0 0
insinally 1 0 0
insodently 2 0 0
insteadily 1 0 0
insudentally 1 0 0
insundently 1 0 0
$inconvenience 103 141 178 97 59 22
enconfence 1 0 0
enconveience 2 0 0
enconvenience 0 2 0
encovience 0 1 0
encaberts 1 0 0
incevvantes 1 0 0
inconence 0 1 0
inconfenence 1 0 0
inconfience 1 0 0
inconfienence 1 0 0
inconience 0 1 0
inconivnence 1 0 0
inconocince 1 0 0
inconveanence 1 0 0
inconveeneance 0 0 1
inconveinance 1 0 1
inconveince 2 1 0
inconveinced 1 0 0
inconveineince 1 0 0
inconveinence 4 4 2
inconveinience 2 0 0
inconveintencs 1 0 0
inconvenance 1 0 0
inconvence 3 0 0
inconveneince 1 0 0
inconvenence 4 0 0
inconvenent 1 0 0
inconvenents 0 1 0
inconveniance 3 1 1
inconvenice 2 1 0
ininconveniences 0 5 0
inconvenient 1 1 0
inconvenients 4 0 0
inconvenince 0 1 0
inconvenonce 0 1 0
inconventence 1 0 0
inconvenunce 2 0 0
inconvenute 1 0 0
inconvienances 0 1 1
inconvienc 1 0 0
inconvience 32 23 13
inconviencence 1 0 0
inconviences 1 0 0
inconviencies 0 1 0
inconviency 0 1 0
inconvienence 3 5 3
inconvienent 0 1 0
inconvieniance 0 1 0
inconvienience 1 1 0
inconvieniences 0 1 0
inconvinance 1 0 0
inconvince 2 0 0
inconvincence 1 0 0
inconvinence 0 1 0
inconvinience 3 1 0
inconvious 1 0 0
inconvisions 1 0 0
incouvenes 1 0 0
incovenience 0 1 0
$inconvenienced 59 139 181 141 61 19
enconented 1 0 0
enconveinced 1 0 0
enconvenients 1 0 0
incomnentaed 1 0 0
inconeinced 1 0 0
inconences 1 0 0
inconenvients 1 0 0
inconfeence 1 0 0
inconfenence 1 0 0
inconfience 1 0 0
inconienced 1 0 0
inconiunious 1 0 0
inconveamonce 1 0 0
inconveience 1 0 0
inconveince 1 1 0
inconveinced 1 0 0
inconveincents 1 0 0
inconveinces 1 0 0
inconveinentenst 1 0 0
inconveinience 0 0 1
inconveintence 1 1 0
inconvenance 2 0 0
inconvenants 1 0 0
inconvence 2 6 0
inconvenced 4 0 0
inconvencienced 1 0 0
inconvenence 2 0 0
inconvenenced 1 1 0
inconvenense 1 0 0
inconvenest 2 0 0
inconvenianced 1 1 0
inconveniced 1 0 0
inconvenience 18 16 2
inconveniencent 2 0 0
inconveniences 1 0 0
inconvenienct 1 0 0
inconveniensed 1 0 0
inconvenienst 3 0 0
inconvenient 2 0 0
inconveniented 1 0 0
inconvenients 3 0 0
inconvenientst 1 0 0
inconvenims 1 0 0
inconvenince 2 1 0
inconvenintence 1 0 0
inconvenions 1 0 0
inconvenious 1 0 0
inconvenitents 1 0 0
inconvenonce 1 0 0
inconvenst 1 0 0
inconventant 1 0 0
inconventients 1 0 0
inconventuns 1 0 0
inconvenuence 1 0 0
inconveyonced 1 0 0
inconvianced 0 0 1
inconvienge 1 0 0
inconvienanced 1 0 0
inconvience 5 3 2
inconviencect 1 0 0
inconvienced 23 30 10
inconviencied 1 0 1
inconvienence 2 0 0
inconvienencet 1 0 0
inconvienenst 1 0 0
inconvienienced 1 0 0
inconvienienced 1 0 0
inconvient 1 0 0
inconviented 0 0 2
inconvientict 1 0 0
inconvievenced 1 0 0
inconvigence 1 0 0
inconvinced 2 0 0
inconvinience 1 0 0
inconvionce 1 0 0
incovenentist 1 0 0
incovenienced 2 0 0
incovient 3 0 0
inventicenent 1 0 0
inquents 1 0 0
uncoveniencest 1 0 0
$indefinite 108 168 179 92 32 21
indeafant 1 0 0
endebinit 1 0 0
endefinate 1 1 0
endefinite 1 0 0
endiffinate- 1 0 0
endifnint 1 0 0
indeafinate 1 0 0
indearate 1 0 0
indefanate 1 0 0
indefenate 3 0 0
indefenent 1 0 0
indefenet 1 0 0
indefenite 1 1 1
indefent 1 1 0
indefente 1 0 0
indeffent 1 0 0
indeffernt 1 0 0
indeffinate 2 1 0
indeffinent 2 1 0
indeffinete 0 1 0
indeffinite 1 0 2
indefict 1 0 0
indefinant 1 0 0
indefinat 1 0 0
indefinate 28 16 11
indefinately 1 0 0
indefindent 1 0 0
indefinent 6 0 0
indefinet 6 2 0
indefinete 2 0 0
indefiniate 1 0 0
indefinit 5 2 0
indefint 2 0 0
indefinte 0 1 0
indefynt 1 0 0
indenfient 1 0 0
indevenet 1 0 0
indiefinat 1 0 0
indifenate 0 0 1
indifenent 1 0 0
indifenet 1 0 0
indifennate 1 0 0
indiffent 1 0 0
indiffiant 0 0 1
indiffinate 0 0 3
indiffinite 1 0 0
indifinate 1 1 0
indifinent 1 0 0
indifinite 0 1 0
indifinte 0 1 2
indinet 0 1 0
infidently 0 1 0
intefinent 1 0 0
$indefinitely 69 112 166 131 88 34
endeffently 1 0 0
imdefimitely 1 0 0
indeaforly 1 0 0
indefalety 1 0 0
endefanilly 1 0 0
indefanitly 1 0 0
indefefinitly 1 0 0
indefenatly 1 0 0
indefenitely 0 1 1
indefenitly 1 1 0
indefently 1 0 0
indeffantly 1 0 0
indeffely 1 0 0
indeffentaly 0 1 0
indeffently 1 0 0
indeffermently 0 1 0
indeffinally 0 1 0
indeffinate 1 0 0
indeffinatelly 0 1 0
indeffinatly 1 0 1
indeffinitately 0 1 0
indeffinitely 1 1 0
indeffinitly 2 2 0
indefinally 1 2 0
indefinaly 0 1 0
indefinate 0 1 0
indefinatelly 2 1 1
indefinately 38 32 12
indefinatlly 0 1 0
indefinatly 9 7 3
indefineately 1 0 0
indefinenly 1 0 0
indefinently 1 0 0
indefinetely 2 3 0
indefinetley 1 0 0
indefinetly 12 4 0
indefiniately 0 3 0
indefinitally 0 0 2
indefinitaly 0 1 0
indefinite 0 2 0
indefinitily 1 2 0
indefinitly 13 11 4
indefintely 2 1 2
indefintily 0 0 1
indefintly 2 0 0
indefitely 0 0 1
indefitly 0 0 1
indeflery 1 0 0
indefnetly 1 0 0
indefnitely 0 0 1
indefnitly 1 0 0
indefonaly 1 0 0
indeninitely 0 1 0
indepentive 1 0 0
indeqiately 1 0 0
indifenatly 2 0 0
indifentally 1 0 0
indiffenately 1 0 0
indiffenatly 1 1 0
indiffently 1 1 0
indiffinitely 0 1 0
indificant 1 0 0
indifinately 3 0 2
indifinatily 1 0 0
indifinently 1 0 0
indifinetally 1 0 0
indifinetly 1 0 0
indifinitely 1 2 2
indifinittly 1 0 0
indiphialy 1 0 0
indivently 2 0 0
$infinite 73 141 188 127 59 12
effentint 1 0 0
efinente 1 0 0
enfinate 0 1 0
enfinity 1 0 0
iffanate 1 0 0
ifinite 2 0 0
infadent 1 0 0
infaent 1 0 0
infaint 1 0 0
infamnes 1 0 0
infanant 6 0 0
infanate 3 0 0
infanent 6 2 0
infanet 2 0 0
infanete 1 0 0
infaniant 1 0 0
infanint 1 0 0
infanit 1 0 0
infanite 3 2 0
infannrite 1 0 0
infant 10 3 2
infantaut 1 0 0
infante 0 1 0
infanted 2 0 0
infantent 1 0 0
infantly 1 0 0
infenant 3 0 0
infenate 1 0 0
infendunt 1 0 0
infenident 1 0 0
infenitt 1 0 0
infennate 1 0 0
infensemt 0 1 0
inffinite 1 0 0
infident 3 1 0
infidently 1 0 0
infient 1 0 0
infinance 1 0 0
infinant 7 5 0
infinante 1 0 0
infinat 0 1 0
infinate 20 23 9
infinent 12 1 0
infinet 3 0 0
infinete 3 1 0
infinfate 1 0 0
infiniant 1 0 0
infininte 1 0 0
infinit 3 0 0
infinitate 1 0 0
infinitely 0 0 2 *
infinitive 0 1 0
infinnent 1 0 0
infinunt 1 0 0
inflnight 1 0 0
infonit 0 1 0
infunent 1 0 0
inifinite 0 1 0
invalid 1 0 0
invenate 1 0 0
invinat 1 0 0
invinite 1 0 0
$initiation 61 135 177 139 65 23
aneation 1 0 0
anesination 1 0 0
aniation 1 0 0
aniciation 2 0 0
anintion 1 0 0
anishachon 1 0 0
anishation 1 0 0
anniation 1 0 0
annitation 1 0 0
annitiation 1 0 0
anniution 1 0 0
emecracion 1 0 0
en 2 0 0
enaneciation 1 0 0
enculation 1 0 0
eneatation 1 0 0
eneation 1 0 0
eneations 1 0 0
enechiasion 1 0 0
eneciation 2 0 0
eneshataion 1 0 0
enesiation 1 0 0
enetiation 0 1 0
enication 1 0 0
eniceation 0 1 0
enichation 1 0 0
eniciation 5 0 0
enienation 1 0 0
enisation 2 0 0
eniseation 1 0 0
enishation 1 1 0
enishiation 4 1 0
enitation 2 1 0
enitiation 3 3 1
eniticion 1 0 0
enition 1 0 0
enitionation 1 0 0
enitioneation 1 0 0
enneation 1 0 0
enneciation 0 1 1
enniciation 0 1 0
ennicion 1 0 0
entititive 0 1 0
enuseation 1 0 0
imitation 8 3 0
immitation 1 2 0
inanation 0 1 0
inasiantion 1 0 0
inataingation 1 0 0
inatation 1 0 0
inatiation 1 0 1
ineciation 2 0 0
inesiation 1 0 0
ineshiation 2 0 0
ini 1 0 0
iniaation 1 0 0
iniatation 1 3 1
iniatiation 0 0 3
iniatiative 0 1 0
iniation 6 7 1
inication 0 0 1
inichation 1 0 0
iniciation 3 2 0
inigiation 1 0 0
inisciation 1 0 0
inishasion 1 0 0
inisheation 1 0 0
inishiation 3 0 0
inisiation 2 0 0
inisitation 0 1 0
inistiation 1 0 0
initate 0 1 0
initation 1 12 4
initative 0 1 0
initiative 0 5 0
inition 3 0 0
initionation 2 0 0
initistion 0 1 0
inititation 0 1 0
initution 1 0 0
inmeshation 1 0 0
innatation 1 0 0
inneat 1 0 0
inneation 1 0 0
inneciation 2 0 0
innesiation 1 0 0
innessheation 1 0 0
innetiation 1 0 0
inniation 1 0 2
inniciation 2 0 1
inniseation 1 0 0
innishaion 1 0 0
innishation 1 0 0
innitation 0 1 0
innitiation 9 6 5
innition 0 1 0
innituation 1 0 0
insuatition 0 1 0
intantion 1 0 0
intiation 1 0 0
intintation 0 0 2
intination 1 0 0
intiniation 1 0 0
intion 1 0 0
intitiation 1 0 0
nushion 1 0 0
$innocent 134 181 191 66 19 9
ennocent 1 1 0
enocent 1 0 0
imisant 1 0 0
inasence 1 0 0
inasent 3 0 0
incensent 1 0 0
inconnent 1 0 0
incouncent 1 0 0
iniscent 1 0 0
ininsit 1 0 0
innacent 1 0 0
innicent 1 0 0
innisit 1 0 0
innocence 2 1 1
innocense 1 1 0
Innocent 0 1 0
innocents 1 1 0 *
innocnce 0 0 1
innoint 1 0 0
innonce 1 0 0
innoncent 1 0 0
innorcent 1 0 0
innoscent 0 1 0
innosent 2 0 0
inocence 1 0 2
inocense 0 1 0
Inocent 0 1 0
inocent 28 11 4
inocience 0 1 0
inocient 1 0 0
inoncent 1 0 0
inoscent 2 0 0
inosent 4 0 0
insent 0 0 1
insient 1 0 0
$intellectual 52 162 195 148 38 5
emalaptactural 1 0 0
enolectual 1 0 0
etellitual 1 0 0
enteriall 1 0 0
enticual 1 0 0
entilectual 1 0 0
entiligual 1 0 0
entinlectinal 1 0 0
entueactual 1 0 0
incollectual 4 0 0
incolling 1 0 0
inelectly 1 0 0
inelectual 2 0 0
inerlecsheal 1 0 0
inlectical 1 0 0
inliteectual 1 0 0
innectional 0 1 0
innolectual 1 0 0
intalectual 7 1 0
intallexual 1 0 0
intectical 1 0 0
intectual 0 1 0
intelatual 1 0 0
intelectiaal 0 0 1
intelectual 29 10 2
intelegual 0 1 0
intelengle 1 0 0
inteletial 1 0 0
intelictual 1 0 0
intellcial 1 0 0
intellecaul 1 0 0
intellectal 1 0 0
intellectel 1 0 0
intellectial 3 1 1
intellectiole 1 0 0
intellectional 0 1 0
intellectoul 1 0 0
intellectuals 1 0 0 *
intellectunal 1 0 0
intellecual 0 3 0
intellecurl 0 1 0
intellegual 0 1 0
intelletwel 1 0 0
intelliatenal 1 0 0
intellictal 0 1 0
intellictual 0 1 0
intellicual 0 2 0
intelliectual 1 0 0
intelltuial 1 0 0
intellual 0 1 0
intelluctial 0 1 0
intelluctual 0 2 0
intellutual 1 0 0
inteluctial 1 0 0
interelletual 1 0 0
interlatual 1 0 0
interlect 0 1 0
interlectial 0 1 0
interlectible 1 0 0
interlectual 10 2 1
Interlecturcel 0 1 0
interrectular 1 0 0
interxable 1 0 0
intetuction 1 0 0
intictual 1 0 0
intilactial 1 0 0
intilectial 1 0 0
intilectual 11 1 0
intilitual 1 0 0
intille 1 0 0
intillatual 1 0 0
intillectial 0 1 0
intillectral 1 0 0
intillectual 1 0 0
intiuctule 1 0 0
intoilectioal 1 0 0
intolectiuial 1 0 0
intolectual 9 0 0
intoletual 1 0 0
intolochal 1 0 0
intoslate 1 0 0
intrleclual 1 0 0
intrulectual 1 0 0
intuatuall 1 0 0
intulectual 6 0 0
intullectule 1 0 0
intullictual 1 0 0
$itemized 85 150 172 115 50 28
anamase 1 0 0
annimise 1 0 0
atamize 0 1 0
atimized 1 0 0
atmiste 1 0 0
eitemized 1 0 0
iccamized 1 0 0
icomized 1 0 0
idamised 2 0 0
idamize 2 0 0
idemised 1 1 0
idemized 3 0 0
idimized 2 0 0
idlemised 1 0 0
idmitized 0 1 0
idmized 1 0 0
idomized 1 1 0
idomuzed 1 0 0
intemised 1 0 0
intemized 1 0 0
intimized 1 0 0
itamise 1 0 0
itamised 2 0 0
itamized 12 4 0
itaniesm 0 1 0
itatimized 1 0 0
itemimized 1 0 0
itemised 4 1 2
itemize 1 6 13
Itemized 2 2 0
itemmized 1 0 1
itemnize 1 0 0
itemsed 1 0 0
itemtized 0 0 1
itenised 1 0 0
ithemized 1 0 0
itiamized 0 1 0
itimase 1 0 0
itimied 1 0 0
itimis 1 0 0
itimise 4 0 0
itimised 4 1 0
itimize 3 3 0
Itimized 1 0 0
itimized 31 18 6
itiomized 0 0 2
Itomised 1 0 0
itomised 0 1 0
itomize 1 2 1
itomized 4 4 2
ittemized 1 0 0
ittimised 1 0 0
ittimize 1 0 0
$judgment 190 200 196 10 0 4
judement 2 0 0
Judgement 1 0 3
judgements 0 0 1 *
judgmerit 0 0 1
judgmet 1 0 0
jedjement 1 0 0
judjment 2 0 0
judment 1 0 0
jugdement 1 0 0
jugement 1 0 0
$kindergarten 118 150 175 82 50 25
cindergarten 1 0 0
cindigarten 1 0 0
gendergartin 1 0 0
gindergarden 1 0 1
gindergardin 1 0 0
kendergarden 2 0 0
kendigardon 1 0 0
kendigartian 1 0 0
kentigarten 1 0 0
kiddergarden 1 0 0
kidgarden 1 0 0
kidinthegarden 1 0 0
kindagarten 1 0 0
kindargarten 0 1 0
kindegarden 1 0 0
kindegarten 3 0 1
kindendargerst 1 0 0
kinderdarden 0 1 0
kindergarden 42 33 20
kinder-garden 1 1 0
kindergardent 0 1 0
kindergardon 1 1 0
kindergarner 0 1 0
Kindergarten 3 0 0
kinder_garten 0 1 0
kindergarton 2 1 0
kindergertion 0 1 0
kindergeton 1 0 0
kinderguardin 1 0 0
kindigarten 1 0 0
kindragarten 0 1 0
kindgarden 1 0 0
kindgarten 2 0 0
kinergardin 1 0 0
kingdegatern 0 0 1
kingergarden 0 1 0
kingergarten 0 1 0
kingergarton 1 0 0
kinggarden 0 1 0
kintergarden 3 1 2
kintergarten 0 2 0
kitengarten 0 1 0
knidergourdin 1 0 0
$laboratory 81 132 163 119 68 37
elatory 1 0 0
lab 1 0 0
labaratory 4 4 1
labarotory 1 0 0
labartory 1 0 0
labatory 9 4 3
laberatory 7 4 0
laberotary 1 0 0
labertory 2 0 0
labetory 1 0 0
labitory 7 3 0
laboatory 1 0 0
laboraty 1 0 0
laborbtory 1 0 0
laboretory 1 1 0
laboritory 7 1 1
labority 1 1 0
laborotory 1 0 0
labortary 5 0 0
labortory 11 3 2
labory 0 1 0
labotorey 1 0 0
labratory 34 37 24
labritory 5 1 0
labroratory 0 1 0
labrotory 6 3 1
lavatory 0 0 1
laveratory 1 0 0
lavoratory 2 1 4
lavortory 1 1 0
lavratory 0 1 0
libertory 2 0 0
$literally 121 179 181 79 21 19
illiteraly 0 1 0
lalerallety 1 0 0
laterally 0 1 0
leteralaly 1 0 0
leterally 1 1 0
leterlly 1 0 0
leterly 0 1 0
leteruatlly 1 0 0
leturaly 1 0 0
liberally 1 0 1
librally 0 0 1
liesally 1 0 0
litearly 1 0 0
literal 1 0 0
literaley 2 0 0
literalily 0 0 1
Literally 1 0 0
literaly 29 9 3
literaraly 0 1 0
literarly 1 0 0
literary 0 0 3
literial 0 0 1
literially 0 0 1
literitally 1 0 0
literlaly 1 0 0
literlaral 1 0 0
literlo 1 0 0
literly 0 1 0
literoly 1 0 0
literourly 1 0 0
literrally 1 0 0
literry 1 0 0
literually 1 1 0
litrally 1 0 0
liturally 2 0 0
liturelly 1 0 0
liturily 1 0 0
littearly 1 0 0
litterally 7 2 6
litteraly 0 1 1
litterially 1 1 0
litterly 7 0 0
littery 1 0 0
litually 1 0 0
tileiry 1 0 0
$magnificent 100 131 156 100 69 44
mafnificent 1 0 0
magaficent 1 0 0
magfinent 1 0 0
magfise 1 0 0
magififiance 1 0 0
maginfacton 1 0 0
maginifance 0 1 0
maginficant 1 0 0
maginificant 1 0 0
magmificant 0 1 0
magnaficent 0 1 0
magneficant 0 1 0
magneficent 1 0 0
magneisent 1 0 0
magnesficient 0 1 0
magnfacant 1 0 0
magnifasont 1 0 0
magnicfent 1 0 0
magnicificent 1 0 0
magnicifient 0 1 0
magnictat 1 0 0
magnifacent 3 0 0
magnifasont 1 0 0
magnifactent 1 0 0
magnifance 1 0 0
magnifecent 0 0 1
magnifecient 2 0 0
magnifecite 1 0 0
magnifesamt 1 0 0
magniffecent 1 0 0
magniffiance 0 1 0
magnificante 0 0 1
magnificant 22 26 19
magnificat 1 0 0
magnificate 2 0 1
magnificeint 1 0 0
magnificence 1 0 1
magnificense 1 0 0
maginificent 1 0 0
magnificiant 2 0 1
magnificiante 1 0 0
magnificience 0 1 0
magnificient 19 26 20
magnificint 1 0 0
magnificunt 2 0 0
magnifince 1 1 0
magnifisance 1 1 0
magnifiscent 0 2 0
magnifisence 2 0 0
magnifisent 3 1 0
magnigifence 1 0 0
magnisifant 0 1 0
magniucent 1 0 0
magtifance 1 0 0
mamesfictive 0 1 0
mamficit 1 0 0
mancificent 1 0 0
manifecunte 1 0 0
manificent 1 0 0
matifance 1 0 0
matrafion 1 0 0
megneficent 1 0 0
miamum 1 0 0
pmagnicificant 0 1 0
$materially 135 188 195 65 12 5
maritialy 1 0 0
matarially 1 0 0
materally 3 1 0
materaly 1 1 0
material 3 1 0
materialey 1 0 0
materialling 1 0 0
materialty 1 0 0
materialy 21 7 2
materielly 0 0 1
materili 1 0 0
materily 2 0 0
materiolty 1 0 0
matiallity 1 0 0
matierally 2 0 0
matieraly 0 1 0
matierial 1 0 0
matierially 1 0 0
matirally 1 0 0
matrial 1 0 0
matrially 1 0 0
matterally 1 1 0
matterially 0 0 2
matuarry 1 0 0
matural 1 0 0
maturally 2 0 0
matureally 1 0 0
maturially 1 0 0
merterially 1 0 0
mertily 1 0 0
meterally 2 0 0
meurtially 1 0 0
miterialy 1 0 0
montaley 1 0 0
motuarley 1 0 0
mterially 1 0 0
muiterily 1 0 0
$mathematics 103 144 173 97 56 27
mancilous 1 0 0
manticies 1 0 0
matamatics 1 0 0
matametes 1 0 0
matathmatics 1 0 0
matematics 2 0 0
math 1 0 0
mathamactics 1 0 0
mathamates 2 0 0
mathamatic 4 0 0
mathamatices 4 0 0
mathamatick 1 0 0
mathamatics 31 19 9
mathametics 1 4 1
mathatich 1 0 0
mathemathics 0 0 2
mathematic 3 2 1
Mathematics 1 1 0
mathematicts 1 0 0
mathemectics 1 0 0
mathemtics 0 1 0
mathenmatics 1 0 0
mathicatic 1 0 0
mathimatic 1 0 1
mathimatics 9 1 0
mathlematics 0 1 0
mathmantics 1 0 0
mathmatecs 1 1 0
mathmathy 1 0 0
mathmatic 2 0 0
mathmatics 11 18 9
math-matics 0 0 1
mathmetatic 0 1 0
mathmetic 2 1 0
mathmetics 3 6 2
mathymatices 1 0 0
matimatics 0 0 1
matmatic 1 0 0
maxanlatic 1 0 0
maythmatic 1 0 0
methematic 1 0 0
$melancholy 40 106 146 160 94 54
belloncoly 1 0 0
malaclony 0 1 0
malencholy 0 1 0
malencolly 1 0 0
malloncolly 0 1 0
maloncolly 1 0 0
melanchaly 1 0 0
melanchohy 0 0 1
melanchole 0 1 0
melancholly 0 1 0
melancohly 0 1 1
melancoley 1 0 0
melancolly 0 1 0
melancoly 8 5 8
melchomly 1 0 0
melchonly 1 0 1
melchonoly 0 0 1
melchonony 0 2 0
melconally 0 1 0
melecholy 1 0 0
melecohly 1 0 0
melecolly 1 0 0
meleconize 1 0 0
meleconly 1 0 0
melenacella 1 0 0
melencally 1 0 0
melencholly 1 0 0
melencholy 8 1 5
melencloe 1 0 0
melencole 1 0 0
melencolhy 1 0 0
melencollege 1 0 0
melencolly 1 2 0
melencolnez 0 1 0
melencololy 0 0 1
melencoloy 0 0 1
melencoly 6 2 0
melincoly 2 0 0
melioncolly 1 0 0
mellancholy 3 2 1
mellancolly 1 1 0
mellancoly 2 0 0
mellencollie 1 0 0
mellencholly 0 1 0
mellencholy 1 0 0
melliancoly 1 0 0
mellioncolly 1 0 0
melloncaly 2 0 0
melloncholy 2 1 2
melloncole 1 0 0
melloncoley 1 0 0
melloncollie 1 0 0
melloncolly 5 1 1
melloncoly 4 1 0
mellonuse 1 0 0
melocholly 1 0 0
melocholy 0 0 1
melonally 1 0 0
meloncally 2 0 0
meloncholie 1 2 0
meloncholly 0 0 4
meloncholy 24 41 17
meloncial 1 0 0
melonclaly 1 0 0
meloncly 1 0 0
meloncol 1 0 0
meloncolie 1 0 0
meloncollie 3 0 0
meloncolly 13 2 2
meloncoly 22 15 6
meloncolone 1 0 0
melongoly 1 0 0
melowcoller 1 0 0
menacollie 1 0 0
mencholy 1 0 0
mencolly 1 0 0
menilcoty 1 0 0
menloncholy 0 1 0
milencoly 1 0 0
millencholy 1 0 0
millincoley 1 0 0
milogoly 1 0 0
miloncohly 0 1 0
mincoloy 1 0 0
mlencoly 1 0 0
mullicaly 1 0 0
nelcoly 0 1 0
$memorandum 128 171 194 72 29 6
emarrandom 1 0 0
mamradan 1 0 0
manobrandom 1 0 0
manorandum 0 1 0
memandum 0 0 1
memanidal 1 0 0
memanpies 0 1 0
memarad 1 0 0
memaradan 1 0 0
memarandony 1 0 0
memarandum 0 2 0
memberanon 0 1 0
memerandom 3 3 0
memmorandem 0 1 0
memmorandom 1 0 0
memmorandum 1 1 2
memoraandum 1 0 0
memoradum 2 0 0
memoramdom 0 1 0
memorandam 1 1 0
memorandem 5 1 0
memorandiam 1 1 0
memorandim 1 0 0
memorandium 3 2 1
memorandom 14 1 2
memorandran 1 0 0
memorandumm 1 0 0
memorandun 3 0 0
memoraniam 0 1 0
memoranum 0 1 0
memorda 1 0 0
memordamn 1 0 0
memordanium 1 0 0
memorardum 1 0 0
memorendum 1 1 0
memorndum 0 1 0
memornundem 1 0 0
memorrandom 1 0 0
memorrandum 1 0 0
memradum 0 1 0
menariandum 0 1 0
mendurain 1 0 0
menerandard 1 0 0
menoradum 0 1 0
menoramden 1 0 0
menoramine 1 0 0
menorandom 2 1 0
menorandon 1 0 0
menorandum 6 3 0
menorrandum 1 0 0
momarandom 0 1 0
morandum 1 0 0
$minimum 113 157 188 87 43 12
memum 1 0 0
menimen 1 0 0
menimum 1 0 0
menium 1 0 0
mennimon 1 0 0
mimamum 1 0 0
mimimium 1 0 0
mimimn 0 1 0
mimimum 2 3 1
miminum 1 2 0
miminun 0 1 0
mimium 1 1 0
mimmimon 1 0 0
mimmin 1 0 0
mimmium 0 1 1
mimmun 0 1 0
mimnimum 1 0 0
mimum 2 1 0
mimumum 1 0 0
mimun 0 1 0
minamony 0 1 0
minamum 4 0 0
minamume 1 0 0
minamun 3 0 0
minan 1 0 0
minanum 1 0 0
mincemom 1 0 0
minemom 2 0 0
minemum 6 0 1
mineum 1 0 0
miniment 1 0 0
minimim 1 0 0
minimium 0 3 0
minimn 0 1 0
minimom 1 0 0
minimuim 2 0 0
minimume 2 1 0
minimumn 0 1 0
minimun 5 2 0
mininum 0 2 0
minium 2 2 2
miniumn 0 1 0
miniumum 2 0 0
minixam 1 0 0
minmium 0 1 1
minmum 1 0 1
minneum 0 1 0
minniam 1 0 0
minnimium 0 0 1
minnimum 1 1 2
minnimun 0 0 1
minninum 1 0 0
minnium 0 0 1
minnum 0 1 0
minomom 1 0 0
minormo 1 0 0
minuim 4 1 0
minuimn 1 1 0
minum 1 0 0
minuman 1 0 0
minume 0 1 0
minumem 1 0 0
minumen 1 1 0
minumend 1 0 0
minuminum 0 1 0
minumium 0 2 0
minummum 0 1 0
minumn 2 2 0
minumum 5 1 0
minumun 2 1 0
monumen 1 0 0
mumamun 1 0 0
namin 1 0 0
munamun 1 0 0
$miscellaneous 36 130 149 164 70 51
esolainious 1 0 0
isolonois 1 0 0
mecelaneous 1 0 0
mecelenious 0 0 1
mecellcinous 1 0 0
mecilain 1 0 0
mesalaneous 0 1 0
mescelaneous 2 0 0
mescellaneous 1 0 1
mesellaneous 0 0 1
mesoleanious 0 1 0
messelonious 1 0 0
miccellaneous 1 1 0
miccellanous 1 0 0
micealanous 1 0 0
micelaneous 0 0 1
micelanious 2 1 0
micellanous 1 0 0
micellaneous 1 1 2
micellanious 1 0 0
micellences 1 0 0
miceloneaus 1 0 0
micilanious 1 0 0
micillanious 1 0 0
mipolainnous 1 0 0
misalaines 1 0 0
misalainious 0 1 0
misalainous 1 0 0
misalainus 2 0 0
misalaneous 2 0 1
misalaneu 1 0 0
misalaniest 1 0 0
misalanious 6 0 0
misalanius 1 0 0
misaleanous 0 0 1
misalenious 1 0 0
misalentios 1 0 0
misalenus 0 1 0
misallaneous 0 1 0
misallanious 2 1 0
misallanous 1 0 0
missalleonus 0 1 0
misalonas 1 0 0
misaluneous 1 0 0
miscalanias 1 0 0
miscalanious 1 0 0
miscallaneous 1 0 0
miscallionus 1 0 0
miscelainous 0 0 1
miscelaneous 0 4 12
miscelanias 1 0 0
miscelanious 3 2 0
miscelanius 1 0 0
miscelaous 1 0 0
misceleanious 0 0 1
miscelenious 0 1 1
miscellaeous 1 0 0
miscellainious 1 0 0
miscellaious 0 0 1
miscellaneaises 1 0 0
miscellanias 0 1 0
miscellanious 7 16 6
miscellanous 6 6 10
Miscellanous 1 0 0
miscelleanious 0 1 0
miscelleanous 1 3 1
miscelleneous 0 3 0
miscellenious 0 1 0
miscellenous 2 0 0
miscelleonous 0 1 0
miscellianeous 0 1 0
miscellianous 0 1 0
miscellious 1 1 0
miscellous 1 1 0
miscenalanious 1 0 0
miscilanious 1 1 0
miscillaneous 1 0 0
miscillanious 1 2 0
misclanious 0 0 1
miscleaneous 0 0 1
miscllanious 1 0 0
miscolaneous 1 0 0
misealineus 0 1 0
misealinous 2 0 0
miseillaus 0 1 0
miselaneous 2 0 0
miselanious 2 0 0
miselanis 1 0 0
misellainis 1 0 0
misellaneous 0 0 1
misellanious 2 0 0
misenaanslous 0 0 1
misenlanious 1 0 0
miserlanious 1 0 0
misicelleous 1 0 0
misilainious 1 0 0
misilainous 2 0 0
misilaious 1 0 0
misilanious 3 0 0
misillaneous 1 0 0
misillanious 1 0 0
misolaineus 1 0 0
misolainious 1 0 0
misolaneous 4 0 0
misolanes 1 0 0
misolanious 1 0 0
misolanius 2 0 0
misolanleous 1 0 0
misolanus 1 0 0
misolaoneous 1 0 0
misolotious 1 0 0
misotanious 1 0 0
missalainus 1 0 0
missalaneis 1 0 0
missalaneous 1 1 0
missalanious 1 0 0
missalianious 1 0 0
missallancous 1 0 0
missallanious 0 1 0
missallanous 1 0 0
missalneous 1 0 0
misscelainious 2 0 0
misscelanious 0 0 1
misscellaneous 0 1 0
misscellous 1 0 0
misseculaneux 1 0 0
misselaneous 0 0 3
misselanious 5 0 0
missellanious 1 0 0
missellenous 1 0 0
misselomons 0 1 0
missilainious 0 1 0
missilaneous 0 0 1
missilanious 2 2 0
missilaniouss 1 0 0
missilanus 1 0 0
misslain 0 1 0
misslinious 0 1 0
missolaeons 1 0 0
missolainious 1 0 0
missolaneous 1 0 0
missolainies 1 0 0
missolanious 4 0 0
missoleanus 1 0 0
missulanious 2 0 0
missulannous 0 1 0
missulianias 0 1 0
misulanies 1 0 0
misulaninous 1 0 0
misulanis 1 0 0
misullanous 0 1 0
musolanious 1 0 0
musolonis 1 0 0
$mortgage 142 164 182 58 36 18
morage 3 2 1
morcage 1 1 0
moregage 1 1 0
morgage 36 21 10
morgages 0 1 0
mortagage 2 0 1
mortage 12 8 4
mortatge 0 1 0
Mortgage 1 0 0
mortgague 0 0 1
mortguage 1 0 1
mortigage 1 0 0
mortuage 0 1 0
$mustn't 84 137 159 116 63 41
contratious 1 0 0
lousunt 1 0 0
moisant 1 0 0
mostont 1 0 0
mucen't 1 1 0
musant 5 0 0
muscent 0 1 0
musen 1 0 0
mus'end 1 0 0
musent 2 0 1
mus'ent 1 0 0
muse'n't 1 0 0
musen't 12 0 0
musinante 0 1 0
musinit 1 0 0
musintent 1 1 0
musle 1 0 0
mus'nt 1 0 0
musn't 48 40 31
mussant 1 0 0
mussene 0 1 0
mussent 5 4 0
mussen't 1 0 0
mussnt 2 0 1
mussn't 0 0 1
must 1 2 5
mus't 2 0 0
mustant 3 2 0
musten 0 1 0
mustent 6 0 0
musten't 1 4 0
mustin 1 0 0
mustine 1 0 0
mustn'd 1 0 0
mustnot 1 1 0
mustnt 2 0 2
must'nt 1 3 0
mus't'n't 1 0 0
mustny 1 0 0
mustont 1 0 0
musttent 1 0 0
mustunt 1 0 0
musunt 1 0 0
mutten 1 0 0
$mutual 151 196 200 49 4 0
full'd 1 0 0
meatual 1 1 0
meautalle 1 0 0
meutral 1 0 0
moutle 1 0 0
muchial 1 0 0
muchichal 1 0 0
muetual 1 0 0
multral 1 0 0
mumticrial 1 0 0
musicalure 1 0 0
mutal 7 0 0
mutchal 1 0 0
mutchel 1 0 0
muteaule 1 0 0
muteral 1 0 0
mutial 2 1 0
mutical 1 0 0
muticial 2 0 0
muticual 1 0 0
mutile 1 1 0
mutril 1 0 0
muttual 1 0 0
muttuel 1 0 0
mutuale 1 0 0
mutuall 1 0 0
mutually 1 1 2 *
mutucal 1 0 0
mutule 2 0 0
mutunal 1 0 0
mutural 3 1 0
muture 1 0 0
netrual 1 0 0
neutral 2 0 0
nuterical 1 0 0
nutual 1 0 0
$mysterious 112 173 191 88 27 9
maritious 1 0 0
masterious 1 0 0
mesterys 1 0 0
mipterious 1 0 0
miserious 1 0 0
misitarise 1 0 0
missterious 1 0 0
mistereous 4 0 0
misterias 1 0 0
misteries 1 0 0
misterious 48 16 7
misteriouse 1 0 0
misterous 3 2 0
mistirious 1 0 0
mistreous 1 0 0
mistrerous 1 0 0
mistrisenous 1 0 0
misyterist 1 0 0
misterias 1 0 0
msyterus 1 0 0
mustrious 0 1 0
myesterious 2 0 0
myssterious 0 1 0
mysteres 1 0 0
mystereys 0 1 0
mysterias 1 0 0
mysterie 1 0 0
mysteries 3 3 0
mysterios 1 0 0
mysterius 1 0 0
mysterous 4 2 1
mystesistious 1 0 0
mystirious 1 0 0
$mystery 122 181 196 78 19 4
mestery 1 0 0
mestry 1 0 0
misery 0 1 0
misstory 1 0 0
missual 1 0 0
mistarie 1 0 0
mistary 3 0 0
misteary 1 0 0
mister 0 1 0
misterey 1 0 0
misteriony 0 1 0
misterre 1 0 0
misterry 1 0 0
mistery 38 10 3
mistiery 1 0 0
mistory 8 1 1
mistray 1 0 0
mistrey 1 0 0
mistry 1 0 0
mistlery 1 0 0
mistury 1 1 0
myestery 1 0 0
mysetery 0 1 0
myster 1 0 0
mysterey 0 2 0
mysteria 2 0 0
mysterie 1 0 0
mysterious 1 0 0
mystier 1 0 0
mystory 2 0 0
mystry 4 1 0
mystury 1 0 0
$necessarily 87 147 185 113 53 15
necacarily 1 0 0
necarssarly 1 0 0
necarssyly 1 0 0
necassarly 1 0 0
neccarily 1 0 0
neccarsary 0 1 0
neccesarally 3 0 0
neccesarily 8 0 0
neccessairly 2 1 1
neccessaraly 2 0 0
neccessarly 0 1 0
necesarilly 0 1 0
necesarily 4 1 0
necessairily 1 0 0
necessairly 2 2 0
necessarally 0 3 1
necessaraly 5 1 0
necessarely 0 2 0
necessarially 1 2 3
necessarialy 2 0 0
necessarilly 11 6 5
necessarlily 0 0 1
necessarlly 0 0 1
necessarly 13 11 1
necessarrly 0 1 0
necessary 10 2 0
necessaryally 1 0 0
necessaryaly 1 0 0
necessaryily 1 2 0
necessarylly 0 1 0
necessaryly 5 0 0
necesscery 1 0 0
necessesarily 0 1 0
necessially 0 1 0
necessiarly 0 1 0
necessilarity 0 0 1
necessily 0 1 0
necessisarily 0 1 0
necessity 1 0 0
necessorilly 0 1 0
necessorily 0 1 0
necissarily 2 0 0
necissilarly 1 0 0
nesassaly 1 0 0
nesicarelly 1 0 0
nessacaryly 0 1 0
nessacerly 1 0 0
nessaccarlely 1 0 0
nessaecerely 1 0 0
nessarly 4 0 0
nessary 1 0 0
nessaryly 1 0 0
nessasairly 0 1 0
nessassarly 1 0 0
nesscarily 0 1 0
nesscary 0 1 0
nesscessary 1 0 0
nessecarily 1 0 0
nessecarryally 1 0 0
nessecceraly 1 0 0
nessesaryally 1 0 0
nessesory 2 0 0
nessicarily 1 0 0
$negotiations 192 154 173 108 46 27
agociate 1 0 0
agoshion 0 1 0
degosiations 1 0 0
degotitions 0 1 0
degotuations 1 0 0
egosatem 1 0 0
ingosheaction 1 0 0
naggosiations 1 0 0
necogiations 0 1 0
necognitiomtions 1 0 0
negatations 0 0 1
negatiations 0 0 2
negctiation 0 0 1
negeoations 0 0 1
neggosionion 1 0 0
negiatations 0 1 1
negioation 0 1 0
negiotations 0 3 1
negiotiation 0 0 1
negoacations 1 0 0
negoatation 2 0 0
negoatiations 0 1 0
negoation 7 0 0
negoations 4 4 1
negocation 1 0 0
negocations 2 0 0
negoccation 1 0 0
negoceations 4 0 0
negocheations 1 0 0
negochiations 1 0 0
negochictions 1 0 0
negociasions 0 1 0
negociation 3 0 1
negociatiances 1 0 0
negociatione 1 0 0
negociations 12 8 6
negoeations 0 1 0
negogations 1 0 0
negogiation 0 1 0
negogiations 0 0 1
negoiation 2 0 0
negoiations 1 4 0
negoitation 0 1 0
negoodations 1 0 0
negorislation 1 0 0
Negoseations 1 0 0
negoseciations 1 0 0
negoseeasion 1 0 0
negosiation 1 0 0
negoshation 2 0 0
negoshchiations 1 0 0
negosheaitions 1 0 0
negosheation 2 0 0
negosheations 3 0 0
negoshiationis 1 0 0
negoshiations 1 0 0
negoshishayns 1 0 0
negosiations 2 0 0
negossiations 1 0 0
negostionaion 1 0 0
negostions 1 0 0
negota 1 0 0
negotation 1 0 0
negotations 2 9 6
negotciations 1 0 0
negote 1 0 0
negoti 1 0 0
negotianations 1 0 0
negotians 1 0 0
negotiatetions 1 0 0
negotiatins 1 0 0
negotiation 0 0 3
negotiolations 1 0 0
negotion 0 1 0
negotionation 1 1 0
negotions 1 1 0
negotitations 1 0 0
negotition 1 0 0
negotitions 0 1 0
negottation 1 0 0
neguotiations 0 1 0
netyotiation 1 0 0
nicociation 1 0 0
nigonations 1 0 0
nocitin 0 1 0
nogationes 0 1 0
nogatuation 1 0 0
nogiations 0 1 0
nogotiations 1 0 0
$occasionally 100 170 153 100 30 47
acanelly 1 0 0
acationaly 1 0 0
acationly 1 0 0
accagionaly 1 0 0
accasionally 4 0 0
accassionally 2 0 0
accationally 1 1 0
accationaly 1 0 0
acconlly 1 0 0
acconnly 1 0 0
accossinally 1 0 0
acctionally 1 0 0
acconazilyg 1 0 0
actionally 1 0 0
ocasionally 1 0 0
ocasionaly 0 0 1
ocasionly 2 0 1
ocassionally 3 0 3
ocassionaly 2 1 0
ocastonally 0 1 0
occaionally 1 0 0
occaisionally 1 0 2
occaisionaly 2 0 0
occaisionly 1 0 0
occanally 1 0 0
occanolly 1 0 0
occanonaly 0 0 1
occansaton 1 0 0
occansily 1 0 0
occasalty 0 1 0
occasely 1 0 0
occasiole 1 0 0
occasional 2 0 0
occasionaly 17 4 4
occasionely 1 0 0
occasionially 0 0 1
occasionily 0 1 0
occasionlly 0 0 1
occasionly 13 1 8
occasonaly 1 0 0
occasonially 1 0 0
occassionally 8 10 22
occassionaly 0 5 2
occassionly 1 0 1
occationally 6 0 0
occationaly 1 0 0
Occasionlly 0 1 0
occoasionally 1 0 0
occonaly 2 0 0
occonsially 1 0 0
occonsionally 0 1 0
occosionally 0 1 0
occosonoly 1 0 0
occtionally 1 0 0
occoumely 1 0 0
ockationaly 1 0 0
okaysionaly 1 0 0
okenously 1 0 0
$opportunities 111 175 185 89 25 15
apertunities 1 0 0
aportunates 1 0 0
apportunities 2 1 0
appronites 1 0 0
arpertunities 1 0 0
opertanits 1 0 0
opertonites 1 0 0
opertunaties 1 0 0
opertunites 1 0 0
opertunities 4 1 0
oportumities 1 0 0
oportunities 1 0 1
oppartunities 1 2 0
oppenitonaties 1 0 0
oppertoms 1 0 0
oppertunaties 1 0 0
oppertunies 1 0 0
oppertunities 21 5 2
oppertunity 3 0 0
oppertunties 1 0 0
opporiuntiy 1 0 0
opportumes 1 0 1
opportumties 1 0 0
opportunaties 2 0 0
opportinuty 0 1 0
opportunites 1 1 0
opportunity 7 1 5
opportunitys 5 0 0
opportunties 3 3 1
opporunities 0 1 0
opporunity 1 0 0
oppretunities 1 0 0
oppritunites 1 0 0
opprotunities 1 0 1
oppourtunites 1 0 0
oppurmties 1 0 0
oppurnities 0 1 0
oppurtules 0 1 0
oppurtuneties 2 0 0
oppurtunies 0 1 0
oppurtunities 9 6 3
oprotunitys 1 0 0
$ordinarily 76 132 171 124 68 29
alnalley 1 0 0
ardananly 0 1 0
ardinally- 0 1 0
ardinarily 0 1 0
ardiorally 1 0 0
arradanaly 1 0 0
ordainarily 1 0 1
ordanaily 1 0 0
ordanarally 1 0 0
ordanaraly 0 1 0
ordanarily 2 1 0
ordanarly 2 1 0
ordanaryily 1 0 0
ordaniaraly 1 0 0
ordaniarly 0 2 0
ordanillary 0 1 0
ordarnarily 0 1 0
ordenarlly 2 0 0
ordenary 1 1 0
ordianailly 1 0 0
ordianarly 0 0 1
ordianerly 1 0 0
ordinairily 2 1 0
ordinairly 1 1 0
ordinally 2 2 0
ordinar 1 0 0
ordinarally 17 7 1
ordinaraly 5 2 0
ordinarelly 1 0 0
ordinarely 3 1 1
ordinarially 1 0 2
ordinarialy 1 0 1
ordinariarly 1 0 0
ordinarilily 0 0 1
ordinarilly 19 17 18
ordinarley 0 1 0
ordinarlily 1 1 0
ordinarlly 1 2 0
ordinarly 25 14 1
ordinaroly 1 0 0
ordinarrly 1 0 0
ordinarrouly 1 0 0
ordinary 2 2 1
ordinaryily 0 1 0
ordinaryly 5 0 0
ordinerily 1 0 0
ordiniarly 0 1 0
ordinlary 1 0 0
ordinonaly 1 0 0
ordionarlly 1 0 0
ordonarily 0 1 0
ordonarly 1 0 0
ordoniary 0 1 0
ordunaley 1 0 0
ordunarly 0 0 1
orginoil 1 0 0
oridinarily 2 0 0
oridinarly 0 1 0
originally 1 0 0
orinarally 1 0 0
orrandly 1 0 0
$originally 115 158 186 85 42 14
anganally 1 0 0
aridgeanoly 1 0 0
arigale 1 0 0
ariginaly 1 0 0
arigionally 1 0 0
arigionaly 1 0 0
arridgely 0 1 0
arridgenally 0 1 0
arridionally 1 0 0
eriganally 1 0 0
ordinally 0 1 0
ordinarily 0 1 0
oreginally 1 0 0
organial 1 0 0
organially 1 0 0
organly 1 0 0
orginally 13 9 3
orginaly 1 1 0
orginially 1 1 0
oridganaly 1 0 0
oridgenally 1 0 0
oridgenly 1 0 0
oridgenouly 1 0 0
oridgonally 0 1 0
oridinally 1 0 0
oridnigly 1 0 0
oridtionaly 0 1 0
origanally 4 0 1
origanially 1 0 0
origanilly 0 1 0
origanily 2 0 0
origedenally 1 0 0
origenally 0 0 1
origenaly 0 0 1
origernally 1 0 0
origially 1 0 0
origianally 1 0 0
origienoley 1 0 0
original 0 1 0
originality 0 1 0
originaly 4 5 0
orginanly 0 1 0
originial 0 1 0
originially 1 0 0
originually 1 0 0
origionally 3 4 5
origionaly 1 2 0
orignally 3 2 1
orignially 1 0 0
orignoally 1 0 0
origonally 3 1 1
origonly 1 0 0
oring 0 1 0
oringinally 1 0 0
oringle 1 0 0
ornanly 1 0 0
orrginally 0 1 0
orridally 1 0 0
orridginally 1 0 0
orrigalaly 1 0 0
orriganally 1 0 0
orriganily 0 0 1
orriginally 7 2 0
orriginaly 0 1 0
orriginially 1 0 0
orrigionally 1 0 0
orrignally 0 1 0
orrigontly 1 0 0
regularly 1 0 0
$pamphlet 89 158 185 111 42 15
camploft 1 0 0
canfit 1 0 0
completd 1 0 0
hamplet 1 0 0
maphlet 1 0 0
pamfilit 1 0 0
pamflet 7 0 0
pamflit 5 0 0
pampflet 1 0 0
pamphalet 0 0 2
pamphelet 1 1 0
pamphelit 1 0 0
pamphet 4 0 1
pamphlit 5 0 0
pampleute 1 0 0
pamplet 8 10 7
pamplit 4 0 0
pampohlet 0 0 1
panfalit 1 0 0
panfelet 1 2 0
panfellet 1 0 0
panfilit 2 0 0
panflet 6 0 0
panflick 1 0 0
panflit 2 0 0
panflitt 1 0 0
panfulet 1 0 0
panlet 1 0 0
panphlet 4 0 0
panplat 1 0 0
panplit 2 0 0
panthelet 1 0 0
panthilet 1 0 0
panthlet 3 0 0
panthlete 2 0 0
panvelet 1 0 0
paphlet 1 0 0
phamflet 4 0 1
phamlet 3 0 0
phamph 1 0 0
phamphet 1 0 0
phamphlet 1 12 0
phampl 0 0 1
phamplet 12 15 2
phanflat 1 0 0
phanlet 3 0 0
phaplet 1 0 0
phemplet 1 0 0
phanlets 1 0 0
$pamphlets 86 133 165 114 67 35
apanphlets 1 0 0
pafolits 1 0 0
pamfelets 1 0 0
pamflats 1 0 0
pamflets 2 0 0
pamfulots 1 0 0
pamlets 5 0 0
pampflyss 1 0 0
pamphalets 1 1 0
pamphates 0 0 1
pamphats 1 0 0
pamphelets 0 1 1
pamphet 0 2 0
pamphets 2 5 4
pamphleots 1 0 0
pamphlet 2 3 3
Pamphlets 0 0 1
pamphletts 1 0 0
pamphlit 0 0 1
pamphlits 4 0 0
pampl 0 1 0
pamplet 2 0 0
pamplets 12 11 7
Pamplets 1 0 0
pampulets 0 1 0
panfalits 1 0 0
panfelets 1 0 0
panfelts 1 0 0
panfhet 0 1 0
panflets 5 0 0
panfletts 1 0 0
panflex 1 0 0
panflits 4 0 0
Panftets 1 0 0
panfulatiols 1 0 0
panfulets 1 0 0
panfults 1 0 0
paniphlets 0 1 0
panleps 1 0 0
panlets 0 1 0
Panphelets 1 0 0
panphels 1 0 0
panphelts 1 0 0
panphlets 1 7 0
panplethts 1 0 0
panpletion 1 0 0
panplets 2 1 2
pantfuls 1 0 0
pantheilets 1 0 0
panthelets 1 0 0
panthleats 1 0 0
panthlets 3 0 0
pantholets 1 0 0
panvolits 1 0 0
paphlets 1 0 0
patphlets 1 0 0
penflats 1 0 0
phalelets 1 0 0
phalets 1 0 0
phamflet 2 0 0
phamflets 1 0 0
phamphelts 1 0 0
phamphet 1 0 0
phamphets 0 2 0
phamphlet 0 2 0
phamphlets 8 7 3
phamplets 12 18 12
phamlet's 0 1 0
phanplits 1 0 0
phanplys 1 0 0
phaphlets 0 1 0
phunplets 1 0 0
phaphlet 1 0 0
$partial 97 177 190 103 23 10
parcal 1 0 1
parcel 27 7 0
parchable 1 0 0
pachal 2 0 0
parchel 9 1 1
parchell 1 0 0
parchil 2 0 0
parchiol 1 0 0
parcial 17 10 3
parciall 1 0 0
parcil 1 0 1
parsal 2 0 0
parsel 4 1 0
parsh 0 1 0
parshal 5 0 0
parshall 8 0 0
parshel 7 0 0
parshell 2 0 0
parshial 1 0 0
parshual 1 0 0
parsial 1 0 1
parsle 1 0 0
partel 0 0 1
partiall 2 0 0
partical 1 1 0
particial 2 1 0
particile 1 0 1
partioe 0 0 1
$perceive 90 151 172 110 49 28
pecieve 1 0 0
percced 1 0 0
perceave 1 2 0
percede 1 0 0
perceed 4 0 0
perceeve 2 0 0
perceieve 1 0 0
perceiv 0 1 0
perceived 6 7 4 *
perceivieived 1 0 0
perceve 2 0 0
perceved 1 0 0
percieve 42 37 24
percieved 2 2 2
percive 7 1 1
percived 1 0 0
perciveden 1 0 0
perscieve 1 0 0
perseave 2 0 0
persee 1 0 0
perseed 1 1 0
perseem 1 0 0
perseive 3 0 0
perseived 1 0 0
perserve 0 1 0
perseve 5 0 0
persieve 9 0 0
persieved 1 0 0
pieced 1 0 0
prcede 1 0 0
preceased 1 0 0
preceed 1 0 0
preceive 5 1 0
preceve 1 0 0
precieve 1 0 0
presive 1 0 0
previous 1 0 0
procede 1 0 0
procceed 0 1 0
proceive 0 2 1
purscieve 1 0 0
$permanently 94 143 170 106 57 30
fermently 0 0 1
permartely 1 0 0
penmenlly 0 0 1
peremenentaly 0 1 0
peremently 1 0 0
perimently 0 0 1
permaiently 0 1 0
permalently 1 0 0
permamently 0 0 1
permanantly 5 2 1
permananty 1 0 0
permanately 5 0 2
permanatily 0 0 1
permanatly 1 0 0
permanenly 1 0 0
permanentally 1 0 0
permanentley 1 3 0
permanetly 7 1 0
permanientaly 1 0 0
permannently 1 0 0
permannetly 2 0 0
permantatty 0 1 0
permantely 5 2 1
permantently 0 1 0
permantley 1 0 1
permantly 7 6 1
permatanlly 1 0 0
permatly 1 0 0
permattley 1 0 0
permenant 0 0 1
permenantely 2 5 0
permenantly 5 0 7
Perminately 0 1 0
permenately 2 1 0
permenatly 2 0 1
permenently 11 0 0
permennently 1 0 0
permental 1 0 0
permentally 0 2 1
permentaly 4 0 0
permentantely 0 1 0
permentantly 0 1 1
permentely 1 0 0
permently 14 2 1
permiently 0 0 1
perminantally 0 0 1
perminantly 1 2 1
perminately 1 1 0
Perminently 0 1 0
perminently 1 4 1
perminmently 0 1 0
permintenly 0 1 0
permintly 0 0 1
permmenant 0 1 0
permmently 0 2 0
permmully 0 1 0
permnently 0 1 0
permntly 0 1 0
permon 0 1 0
permonently 2 0 0
permamently 1 1 1
pernimently 1 0 0
pernitally 1 0 0
pernmently 1 0 1
preamenantely 0 1 0
preeminently 0 4 0
premently 0 2 0
premonitly 1 0 0
purmantly 3 0 0
purmently 0 1 0
purminity 1 0 0
$phase 43 159 181 157 41 19
face 3 0 3
facer 1 0 0
faces 1 0 0
fades 2 0 0
fadies 1 0 0
faez 1 0 0
faies 2 0 0
faise 15 4 0
faith 1 0 0
faiths 1 0 0
faiy 1 0 0
faize 15 3 1
faized 0 1 0
faizes 1 0 0
fales 1 0 0
fas 1 0 0
fase 21 10 2
fayes 3 0 0
fays 4 0 0
fayes 2 0 0
fayze 1 0 0
faze 61 10 9
fazze 0 1 0
feas 1 0 0
fhase 0 1 0
fiaze 1 0 0
fraize 1 0 0
pase 1 0 0
phace 0 1 0
phaise 1 0 0
phased 0 1 0
phases 0 0 1 *
phasis 1 0 0
phause 1 0 0
phaze 1 6 2
phraise 1 0 0
phrase 4 2 0
phyis 1 0 0
please 0 1 0
saved 1 0 0
$philosophy 43 148 196 157 52 4
facilities 1 0 0
fallausape 1 0 0
falocify 1 0 0
faloctiy 1 0 0
falophy 1 0 0
falosave 1 0 0
falosphy 1 0 0
falossofy 1 0 0
felocify 2 1 0
felosipy 1 0 0
felosope 1 0 0
felothocy 1 0 0
fillosefe 1 0 0
fillousity 1 0 0
filosify 2 0 0
filosiphy 2 0 0
filosipy 1 0 0
filousfy 1 0 0
filousify 1 1 0
filousosfy 1 0 0
filousity 1 0 0
flosifey 1 0 0
Flosipe 1 0 0
flosphey 1 0 0
flyophys 1 0 0
folicy 1 0 0
folity 1 0 0
folocify 1 0 0
folosicy 1 1 0
folosity 1 0 1
folusiphy 1 0 0
fulasape 1 0 0
fullosepy 1 0 0
fullusafy 1 0 0
fulosophy 1 0 0
phaisply 1 0 0
phalosafy 1 0 0
phalosophy 1 0 0
phelosophy 1 1 0
philasafar 1 0 0
phillisophy 1 0 0
philociphy 1 0 0
philocity 1 0 0
philoficy 1 0 0
philogy 1 0 0
philophsophy 1 0 0
philophy 2 1 0
philosaph 1 0 0
philosaphy 3 0 0
philosaphys 1 0 0
philosephy 3 0 0
philosfy 1 0 0
philosify 3 2 0
philosiphy 10 4 0
philosipy 1 0 0
philosity 1 0 0
philosophate 1 0 0
philosperity 1 0 0
philosophe 1 0 0
philosopher 1 3 0
Philosophy 0 0 1
philosphe 2 0 0
philosphy 10 1 0
philosthy 1 0 0
philslopy 1 0 0
philsophy 1 0 0
phiolosphy 0 2 0
phipiolog 1 0 0
phisolay 1 0 0
phisolfisy 1 0 0
phlociphy 1 0 0
phlogily 1 0 0
phlophecy 1 0 0
phlophisy 1 0 0
phlosaphy 1 0 0
phlosophy 2 1 0
phlosopy 1 0 0
pholesipia 1 0 0
pholosaphy 1 0 0
pholisphe 1 0 0
pholosaphy 1 1 0
pholosiphy 1 0 0
pholpher 1 0 0
phophey 1 0 0
phoplosy 1 0 0
phos 1 0 0
phosiphy 1 1 0
phosiply 1 0 0
phulophy 1 0 0
phyilosophey 0 1 0
phyl 1 0 0
phylisury 1 0 0
phylosifry 1 0 0
phylosify 2 0 0
Phylosiphy 1 5 0
phylosiphy 4 0 0
phylosofie 1 0 0
phylosophy 6 6 0
phylosphy 2 3 1
phylosy 1 0 0
phylosyphy 2 2 0
phyosofy 1 0 0
physiofoly 1 0 0
physiology 0 1 0
physiolosy 1 0 0
physlophial 0 1 0
physocisy 1 0 0
physoliphy 1 0 0
physology 0 0 1
physolophy 2 8 0
physoype 1 0 0
plosiouspy 1 0 0
plositey 1 0 0
velocity 0 1 0
velosafe 1 0 0
vilosiphy 1 0 0
volicy 1 0 0
$physician 89 149 179 111 51 21
efficition 1 0 0
fanction 1 0 0
pachisions 1 0 0
phasiceon 0 1 0
phasin 1 0 0
phasition 2 1 0
pheisition 1 0 0
phesision 2 0 0
phician 6 0 0
Phician 0 0 1
phicician 1 0 0
phicishion 1 0 0
phicision 0 1 0
phicyson 1 0 0
phinision 1 0 0
phiscian 1 0 0
phiscyn 1 0 0
phisian 1 0 0
phisican 1 0 0
phisician 4 0 0
phision 3 0 0
phisions 1 0 0
phisishiun 1 0 0
phisitian 1 0 0
phisition 2 0 0
phisont 1 0 0
phisyine 1 0 0
phpisian 0 1 0
phsician 2 0 0
phsyision 1 0 0
phycation 1 0 0
phyciaion 0 1 0
phycian 0 2 0
phycician 0 1 0
phycisian 0 1 0
phycsion 1 0 0
phyican 1 0 0
phyician 1 0 0
phyisian 1 0 0
phyision 1 0 0
physation 1 0 0
physcian 11 5 5
physetion 1 0 0
physian 9 2 0
physican 7 18 9
Physican 1 0 0
Physician 0 3 3
physicians 0 1 0 *
physicion 2 3 0
physin 0 1 0
physiogy 1 0 0
physion 5 0 0
physisan 1 0 0
physisian 1 1 0
physision 4 1 0
physison 1 0 0
physition 1 0 1
phzestion 1 0 0
pichesgan 1 0 0
pifishan 1 0 0
pistion 1 0 0
position 4 8 2
pusician 1 0 0
pyscian 1 0 0
pysition 1 0 0
syisphon 1 0 0
$picturesque 102 174 192 98 26 8
pectuesqe 1 0 0
pecturect 1 0 0
pecturesk 1 0 0
pecturesque 0 0 1
pecturists 1 0 0
pecturusk 1 0 0
pickuqres 1 0 0
pickuresque 2 0 0
picquesque 0 1 0
picteresk 1 0 0
pictiresqu 0 0 1
pictoresque 1 0 0
pictouress 1 0 0
pictqurest 1 1 0
pictur 0 3 0
picturaquis 1 0 0
picturask 1 0 1
pictureas 1 0 0
picture 0 1 0
pictureask 1 0 0
picturect 1 0 0
pictureeque 1 0 0
picturees 1 0 0
pictureesks 1 0 0
pictureesque 2 0 0
picturek 1 0 0
picturelest 1 0 0
pictureosque 0 1 0
pictureque 9 5 3
pictureques 2 1 1
picturequest 1 0 0
picturequse 0 1 0
picturerest 1 0 0
pictures 4 0 0
picturesc 1 0 0
picturesct 1 0 0
picturese 1 0 0
picturesesk 1 0 0
picturesh 1 0 0
picturesk 7 0 0
pictureskae 1 0 0
pictureske 3 0 0
picturesis 1 0 0
picturesq 2 0 0
picturesqu 1 0 0
picturess 1 0 0
picturest 6 3 0
picturiest 1 0 0
picturious 1 0 0
picturique 0 1 0
picturise 1 0 0
picturist 1 0 0
picturous 2 0 0
picturque 3 1 0
picturques 1 2 0
pictursque 3 1 1
picturus 1 0 0
pictusque 0 1 0
pitcheresk 1 0 0
pitchereske 1 0 0
pitcherious 1 0 0
pitcherus 1 0 0
pitchesque 1 0 0
pitersque 2 0 0
pithersque 1 0 0
pituresk 2 0 0
pituresque 0 1 0
piturest 1 0 0
preturiest 1 0 0
$pneumonia 74 132 164 126 68 36
ammonia 1 0 0
amnonnia 1 0 0
amomea 1 0 0
amonia 0 0 1
anomina 0 1 0
anonianu 1 0 0
anumonian 1 0 0
demondia 1 0 0
knemonu 1 0 0
memonia 1 0 0
munonia 1 0 0
namoia 1 0 0
namouny 1 0 0
nemonia 4 0 0
nephenoma 1 0 0
nephonia 0 0 1
neumonia 4 3 0
newmonia 4 0 0
newmony 1 0 0
nomina 1 0 0
nuemonia 1 0 0
numoia 1 0 0
numonia 8 1 1
numonuia 1 0 0
peneumia 0 1 0
penmonia 1 0 0
penominia 1 0 0
penumonia 1 0 0
peunmonia 0 1 0
peunomia 0 1 0
phemomina 1 0 0
phemonia 0 1 1
phemonuia 1 0 0
phemonuime 0 1 0
phenemonia 1 0 1
pheneumonia 0 1 1
phenimonia 1 0 0
phenioma 1 0 0
phenomenia 0 0 2
phenomia 3 3 0
phenomnia 0 1 0
phenominia 0 1 1
phenomu 0 1 0
phenoumia 1 0 0
phenoumina 0 2 0
phenoumonia 1 0 0
phenumia 1 0 0
phenumonia 0 2 3
pheomena 1 0 0
pheumonia 1 3 0
Pheumonia 0 1 0
pheunomia 1 1 2
pheunomina 0 1 0
pheuphmonia 0 1 0
phewmonia 1 0 0
phmeuaina 1 0 0
phmoinia 1 0 0
phnemona 0 0 1
phnemonia 2 2 1
phnemounia 1 0 0
phnenimonia 0 1 0
phneomia 1 0 0
phneomina 1 0 0
phneumonia 9 13 4
phnomeia 1 0 0
phnomia 2 0 0
phnuemonia 4 1 0
phnumonia 1 0 0
Phnumonia 0 1 0
phomonia 0 1 0
phomoniow 1 0 0
Phonia 1 0 0
phonimonu 1 0 0
phuemonia 3 2 0
phumonia 1 1 0
phunemonia 1 0 0
phunmonia 1 0 0
pneaumonia 0 0 1
pneimonia 1 0 0
pnemonia 8 3 1
pnemoninia 0 1 0
pnemounia 1 1 0
pnenomia 1 0 0
pnenomionia 1 0 0
pnenonea 0 1 0
pnenonia 1 0 0
pnenumoia 1 0 0
pneomonia 0 1 0
pneuammia 0 1 0
pneumaine 1 0 0
pneumia 0 0 1
pneumnia 0 0 1
Pneumonia 0 0 2
pneumphia 1 0 0
pneumunia 0 1 0
pneunomia 0 0 2
pneunonia 0 1 0
pneurminu 1 0 0
pnmonia 1 0 0
pnomonia 2 0 0
pnuemonia 4 2 5
pnueounia 1 0 0
pnumeia 1 0 0
pnumonea 0 1 0
pnumonenia 0 0 1
pnumonia 4 2 0
ponuime 1 0 0
pounia 1 0 0
puemonia 1 0 0
remote 1 0 0
$possess 121 149 184 79 51 16
poccess 0 1 0
pocesis 1 0 0
pocess 4 3 1
pocss 1 0 0
poscess 1 2 0
poscessed 0 1 0
pose 1 0 0
poses 3 1 0
poseses 1 0 0
posess 33 27 10
posesse 1 0 0
posesses 3 1 0
posis 1 0 0
posse 1 0 0
posses 22 12 5
possesse 1 0 0
possibse 1 0 0
possis 1 0 0
Progress 0 1 0
prosess 0 1 0
prossess 1 0 0
pssess 1 0 0
$preferred 120 168 181 80 32 19
peferred 1 1 0
prefared 1 0 0
prefer 8 3 1
prefered 53 25 15
preffered 4 1 0
prefferred 1 1 0
Prefored 1 0 0
prefreed 1 0 0
prefure 1 0 0
prefured 2 0 0
prefurred 1 0 0
prephered 1 0 0
prevered 3 0 0
privered 1 0 0
refered 1 0 0
referred 0 1 3
$prejudice 29 115 162 171 85 38
credudious 1 0 0
fregidous 1 0 0
perdids 1 0 0
perdious 1 0 0
perjudice 0 0 2
perudisse 1 0 0
precgidis 1 0 0
precidious 1 0 0
precidis 1 0 0
precidust 0 1 0
predadice 1 0 0
predecious 1 0 0
prededus 1 0 0
predegese 0 0 1
predeshious 0 1 0
predestisastss 1 0 0
predgadessed 0 1 0
predgdice 0 1 0
predgedice 1 0 0
predgedious 0 1 0
predgedis 0 1 0
predgejust 1 0 0
predges 1 0 0
predgest 0 1 0
predgice 0 1 1
predgidice 1 0 0
predgidict 0 1 0
predgidous 1 1 0
predgidust 0 1 0
predgiest 1 0 0
predgigeous 1 0 0
predgious 0 1 0
predgist 1 0 0
predgists 1 0 0
predgius 1 0 0
predgudice 4 0 0
predgudis 1 0 0
predication 1 0 0
predices 1 0 0
predicious 2 3 0
predicits 1 0 0
predict 1 0 0
predidesh 1 0 0
predidice 0 1 0
predidis 2 0 0
predidus 1 0 0
predieglious 1 0 0
predigeous 0 1 0
prediges 1 0 0
predigest 3 0 0
predigids 1 0 0
predigious 0 1 1
predigist 1 0 0
prediguest 1 0 0
predigus 2 0 0
predigust 1 0 0
predigut 1 0 0
predijice 0 1 0
predijious 0 1 0
predijist 1 0 0
predijuce 1 1 3
predijue 1 0 0
predious 4 1 0
preditious 1 0 0
predjadest 1 0 0
predjeduce 1 0 0
predjerdice 1 0 0
predjice 0 0 1
predjidice 1 1 0
predjidist 1 0 0
predjuce 0 0 1
predjudic 1 0 0
predjudice 15 25 15
predjudiced 0 1 0
predjudis 1 0 0
predjudised 1 0 0
predjudist 1 1 0
predjudous 1 0 0
predjuduce 1 0 0
predjuice 0 1 0
predoudest 1 0 0
preduadus 1 0 0
preducidues 1 0 0
predudice 19 5 4
predudious 1 0 0
predudis 5 0 0
predudise 1 0 0
predudiss 1 0 0
predudist 4 0 0
predudous 1 0 0
predudus 1 0 0
predues 1 0 0
predugdice 0 0 1
preduges 1 0 0
predugist 1 0 1
predugtis 1 0 0
preduicecy 1 0 0
preduis 2 0 0
preduist 1 0 0
preduiste 1 0 0
predujice 3 4 2
predujuce 0 1 0
predujust 1 0 0
preduous 1 0 0
preduse 1 0 0
predust 1 0 0
predutious 1 0 0
predutist 1 0 0
pregdiest 1 0 0
pregdious 0 1 0
pregdles 1 0 0
pregedious 2 0 0
pregedist 1 0 0
pregeous 0 1 0
pregidec 0 1 0
pregides 1 0 0
pregidess 1 0 0
Pregidice 1 2 0
pregidious 0 0 1
pregidis 1 0 0
pregidise 1 0 0
pregidus 1 0 0
pregious 1 0 1
pregis 1 0 0
pregodis 0 1 0
pregudice 2 0 0
pregudise 1 0 0
pregudists 1 0 0
pregudus 1 0 0
pregulious 1 0 0
prejduce 1 0 0
prejduice 0 1 0
prejedice 0 0 1
prejeduce 0 1 0
prejidace 1 0 0
prejidice 0 1 0
prejidous 0 1 0
prejiduce 2 1 0
prejnest 0 1 0
prejudce 0 1 0
prejudgious 1 0 0
prejudiced 0 2 0 *
prejudices 0 2 0 *
prejudis 1 1 0
prejudise 0 1 0
prejuduce- 0 1 0
pridejuices 1 0 0
pridgests 1 0 0
prudistust 1 0 0
pupedist 1 0 0
redgeisdes 1 0 0
tragedists 0 1 0
treadgidous 1 0 0
treduous 1 0 0
$president's 78 141 145 122 59 55
pesident's 0 1 1
precedent's 1 0 0
precidents 1 0 0
predsidents 0 1 0
preisadents 1 0 0
presadent's 1 0 0
presdent's 1 0 0
presdents 1 0 0
presdisent 1 0 0
presedence 2 0 0
presedent's 0 1 0
presendence 1 0 0
presendents 1 0 0
presentance 1 0 0
presentence 1 0 0
presents 2 0 0
presidance 1 0 0
presidant's 1 1 0
Presidants' 0 1 0
presidence 9 1 0
presidence's 4 1 0
presidencs 0 1 0
presidends 1 0 0
President 0 0 1
president 4 0 1
presidente's 1 0 0
presidentes 1 0 0
President's 11 21 19
Presidents 9 4 2
Presidents' 2 2 5
presidents' 2 3 5
presidents 57 21 21
presidince 1 0 0
prisedents 1 0 0
prisident's 1 0 0
prisidents 1 0 0
$principles 81 175 188 119 25 12
preniple 0 1 0
priciples 1 0 0
primcoples 1 0 0
primicples 1 0 0
princapals 1 0 0
princaples 1 0 0
princepels 1 0 0
princeples- 1 0 0
princibles 1 0 0
principaeles 0 0 1
principales 2 0 0
principals 85 20 7
principal's 4 0 0
principels 4 1 0
principiles 1 0 0
principl 1 0 0
principle 5 2 0
Principles 0 0 3
principle's 2 0 0
principls 1 1 0
principuls 1 0 0
princpial 1 0 0
princples 0 0 1
prinicpales 1 0 0
prinipals 1 0 0
prinsipals 1 0 0
$prior 125 172 196 75 28 4
briar 1 0 0
briery 1 0 0
choir 2 0 0
choirs 1 0 0
crier 0 4 1
cryer 1 0 0
filor 0 0 1
frier 1 0 0
pair 0 1 0
pier 1 0 0
pior 1 0 0
pire 1 0 0
pirier 1 0 0
piror 0 1 0
plior 1 0 0
poir 0 1 0
praie 1 0 0
preyer 1 0 0
priar 3 2 0
priary 1 1 0
priear 1 0 0
prieor 1 1 0
prier 34 9 2
priere 1 0 0
prioor 0 1 0
priore 2 0 0
priorer 1 0 0
priour 0 1 0
prire 2 0 0
prirer 0 1 0
priror 1 0 0
privale 1 0 0
priver 1 0 0
pryer 2 2 0
pryor 4 1 0
pyer 1 0 0
trial 0 1 0
$privilege 94 136 139 106 64 61
pervieledges 0 1 0
preminage 1 0 0
prevelage 1 0 0
prevelige 2 0 0
previlage 1 0 0
previlege 1 0 0
previlidge 2 0 0
previllage 1 0 0
prilavage 1 0 0
prilavge 1 0 0
prilvege 1 0 0
prilviage 1 0 0
privalage 5 0 0
privaledge 0 0 5
privaledged 0 0 6
privalidge 3 0 0
privalogy 1 0 0
priveelege 0 1 0
privelage 2 4 0
priveleage 1 0 0
privelege 5 12 19
privelidge 1 3 0
privelige 7 0 0
privi 1 0 0
priviage 0 1 0
privialage 1 0 0
prividleged 0 1 0
privieloge 1 0 0
privilage 20 8 3
privilages 1 0 0
priviladge 1 0 7
priviledge 25 28 17
privileelge 1 0 0
privileged 3 0 0 *
priviliage 3 0 0
privilidge 1 1 0
privilidged 2 0 0
privilige 5 3 3
privlage 1 0 0
privoledge 2 1 0
prlige 1 0 0
providge 1 0 0
purlgy 1 0 0
$procedure 55 128 144 145 72 56
porcheder 1 0 0
precedour 1 0 0
precedure 1 0 0
procceedure 1 0 0
proceadure 1 0 0
proceager 1 1 0
proceaures 1 0 0
procecire 1 0 0
proceddure 1 0 0
procedeior 1 0 0
procedeor 0 1 0
procedeuere 0 1 0
procedeur 1 0 0
procedeure 1 0 0
procedger 2 0 0
procedier 2 0 0
procedior 2 0 0
procedner 1 0 0
procedsure 1 0 0
proceduar 1 0 1
proceduer 1 0 2
procedur 3 0 0
Procedure 0 0 1
procedurez 1 0 0
proceeder 5 5 0
proceedger 3 0 0
proceedgure 2 0 0
proceedual 1 0 0
proceeduare 1 0 0
proceedur 1 0 0
proceedure 59 60 50
proceedures 1 0 1
proceetgure 1 0 0
proceger 5 0 1
procegior 1 0 0
procegor 1 0 0
procegure 1 0 0
proceiger 1 0 0
procejure 1 0 0
proceture 2 0 0
procider 1 0 0
procieder 1 0 0
prociger 1 0 0
procudur 1 0 0
procudure 2 0 0
procure 1 0 0
projecesure 1 0 0
proquier 1 0 0
proscedgor 1 0 0
prosedger 1 0 0
prosedgor 1 0 0
prosedure 4 3 0
proseedure 1 0 0
prosegier 1 0 0
prosegure 1 0 0
proseiduare 1 0 0
proseiger 1 0 0
proseigure 2 0 0
prosejaur 1 0 0
prosezure 1 0 0
prosiager 1 0 0
prosieger 3 1 0
prosiegeur 1 0 0
prosiger 2 0 0
$psychology 3 91 180 197 109 20
chycology 0 1 0
ciclogy 1 0 0
cicolagie 1 0 0
cicolagy 2 0 0
cycoledgy 2 0 0
cicolidgy 2 0 0
cicoligy 1 0 0
cicoliogy 1 0 0
cicollege 1 0 0
cicollegy 1 0 0
cicology 4 0 0
cicoulge 1 0 0
cicyology 1 0 0
cilogue 1 0 0
cipology 1 0 0
cycilogue 1 0 0
cyclogy 1 0 0
cycolage 1 0 0
cycolagy 1 0 0
cycoledgy 1 0 0
cycolegy 2 0 0
cycoligaty 1 0 0
cycoligy 5 0 0
cycollogy 1 0 0
cycolodgy 1 0 0
cycology 21 2 0
cycowigy 1 0 0
cykolidgy 1 0 0
cylogy 1 0 0
cyscology 0 1 0
kicowledge 1 0 0
pcsyology 1 0 0
pcychology 0 2 0
phcycolog 1 0 0
phcycology 0 1 0
phscology 1 0 0
phsicology 0 2 0
phsychology 1 1 0
phsycolidgy 1 0 0
Phsycology 1 0 0
phsyology 0 1 0
phyacogy 0 1 0
phychiology 0 1 0
phycholigy 0 1 0
phychology 0 1 1
phyciogy 0 1 0
phyciology 1 0 0
phycology 0 3 0
physccology 0 1 0
physchology 0 8 1
physcialogy 0 1 0
Physciology 0 1 0
physcoligy 0 1 0
physcology 0 4 0
physicolgy 0 1 0
physicology 2 4 0
physiology 1 2 1
physoligicoly 1 0 0
Physology 1 0 0
physology 1 2 0
pschicology 0 1 0
pschology 0 2 0
pschoyolgy 0 1 0
pschycology 0 1 0
pscshology 0 1 0
pshcicology 0 1 0
psicoligy 1 0 0
psiocology 1 0 0
psiolochology 0 1 0
Psychology 0 3 15
psyciology 0 1 0
psycolegy 0 1 0
psycolledgy 1 0 0
psycology 1 11 1
psyology 0 1 0
pyschology 0 0 1
pysicology 0 1 0
schycology 1 0 0
schyiolidgy 1 0 0
scicology 4 4 0
sciology 0 3 0
scycallage 1 0 0
scychology 0 1 0
scyclogy 1 0 0
scycolgy 0 1 0
scycologie 1 0 0
scycology 6 1 0
scydoligy 1 0 0
scylogy 1 0 0
scyology 0 1 0
sicholigy 1 0 0
sichology 2 0 0
sickoligy 1 0 0
sicogoly 1 0 0
sicolage 1 0 0
sicolagee 1 0 0
sicolagiey 1 0 0
sicoledgedy 1 0 0
sicolegy 1 0 0
sicoleidgy 1 0 0
sicolgegy 1 0 0
sicolgy 2 0 0
sicolige 1 0 0
sicoligy 3 0 0
sicollege 2 0 0
sicollegey 1 0 0
sicolodgy 1 0 0
Sicology 1 0 0
sicology 23 6 0
sicoluye 1 0 0
sicolygy 1 0 0
sigalegy 1 0 0
siklollegde 1 0 0
slycology 1 0 0
soquilidgy 1 0 0
syamanincollege 1 0 0
sycaligie 1 0 0
sychgodlgy 1 0 0
sychology 1 3 0
sycilogy 1 0 0
syciology 0 1 0
syclowegy 1 0 0
sycolage 1 0 0
sycoledgy 1 0 0
sycoleguy 1 0 0
sycolegy 1 0 0
sycolighy 1 0 0
sycoligy 5 0 0
sycoligie 1 0 0
sycolledge 1 0 0
sycollege 1 1 0
sycollogay 1 0 0
sycollogee 1 0 0
sycology 19 8 0
sycoloigy 1 0 0
sygiligate 1 0 0
sylogyage 0 1 0
$questionnaire 1 9 48 199 191 152
quesionuse 1 0 0
questatiner 1 0 0
questioair 1 0 0
questionaer 1 0 0
questionair 32 11 1
questionaire 46 125 116
questionairre 0 6 8
questionar 9 2 0
questionare 1 0 0
questionare 36 21 11
questionarre 0 3 4
questionary 0 1 0
questioneair 1 0 0
questionear 1 0 0
questionearl 1 0 0
questioneer 10 6 0
questioneir 7 0 0
questioner 11 6 1
questionere 13 3 2
questionerr 1 0 0
questionery 1 0 0
questioniar 2 1 0
questioniare 1 1 4
questionier 4 3 1
questionior 1 0 0
questionire 0 1 0
questionnair 2 0 1
questionnar 1 0 0
questionnare 4 0 1
questionner 1 0 0
questionnere 1 0 0
questionniare 0 0 1
questionque 1 0 0
questionry 0 1 0
qustiar 1 0 0
$rating 144 169 178 56 31 22
grading 0 0 1
grating 0 2 0
racking 2 0 4
radicing 1 0 0
raiding 1 1 0
raining 1 0 0
raiting 7 2 0
rakeing 1 0 0
raking 4 2 13
ratding 1 0 0
rateing 22 20 2
ration 0 1 0
rative 1 0 0
ratting 9 1 0
reating 1 0 0
reigning 0 1 0
waiting 0 1 0
weieght 1 0 0
wrating 1 0 0
wrecking 0 0 1
writing 1 0 1
$receipts 115 170 186 85 30 14
recceats 0 1 0
receevite 1 0 0
receiepts 1 0 0
receipes 0 0 1
receipt 5 4 2
receipte 1 0 0
receipted 1 0 0
receiptes 1 0 0
receipt's 1 0 0
receite 1 0 0
receites 1 0 0
receits 19 3 2
recept 1 0 0
recepts 2 2 1
recetes 1 0 0
receupt 0 1 0
reciecps 1 0 0
recieps 0 1 0
reciept 2 0 0
recieptes 2 0 0
reciepts 26 9 6
recietes 1 0 0
reciets 4 0 0
recieves 1 0 0
recipes 2 0 0
reciptes 1 0 0
recipts 2 7 1
recites 3 1 0
recits 1 0 0
recives 0 1 0
reicpts 1 0 0
reseets 1 0 0
riecepts 0 0 1
$receiver 142 176 186 58 24 14
receaver 1 0 0
receever 0 0 1
received 1 0 0
Receiver 0 1 3
receivor 2 1 1
receover 1 0 0
recever 1 0 0
reciever 40 21 9
recievor 1 0 0
reciover 1 0 0
reciver 7 1 0
resever 2 0 0
resiaver 1 0 0
$reckon 93 160 175 107 40 25
brecken 1 0 0
reacon 3 0 0
reakon 1 0 0
recand 1 0 0
recard 0 0 1
reccon 14 5 4
reccond 6 1 0
recconed 1 2 1
recconds 2 0 0
reccons 1 0 0
rechond 1 0 0
reckan 2 0 0
reckand 1 0 0
recken 1 0 0
reckgon 1 0 0
reckone 2 0 0
reckoned 0 3 2 *
reckons 2 0 0 *
recogn 0 0 1
recoin 0 1 0
recomece 1 0 0
recomend 1 0 0
recon 29 17 14
recond 6 3 1
reconded 1 0 0
recone 4 1 0
reconece 1 0 0
reconed 8 2 2
reconen 1 0 0
recongr 1 0 0
reconize 1 0 0
reconn 1 0 0
reconnd 1 0 0
reconned 5 1 1
reconon 1 0 0
reconten 0 1 0
record 0 1 0
rectin 1 0 0
rectioned 0 1 0
recton 1 0 0
regcone 1 0 0
regon 1 0 0
regond 1 0 0
rekon 0 1 0
rekson 0 1 0
$recognition 97 181 193 103 19 7
recanistion 1 0 0
reccenient 1 0 0
reccodin 1 0 0
recodnition 1 0 0
reccoenition 1 0 0
recednition 1 0 0
recegition 1 0 0
recegnintion 1 0 0
recegnitation 1 1 0
recegnition 1 0 0
recganiction 1 0 0
recgonition 1 0 0
recignition 4 4 0
recinition 1 0 0
recintut 1 0 0
reckenision 1 0 0
recknotion 1 0 0
reckognition 1 0 0
reckonition 1 0 0
recmition 1 0 0
recoaten 1 0 0
recobmition 1 0 0
recocgnition 1 0 0
recoddissen 1 0 0
recodenition 1 0 0
recodmition 1 0 0
recodnition 3 0 0
recogenaginon 1 0 0
recogenation 1 0 0
recoginial 1 0 0
recogition 1 1 0
recogmition 1 0 0
recognation 4 1 0
recognetion 2 0 0
recogniction 2 1 0
recognision 4 0 0
Recognition 0 0 3
recognization 4 0 0
recognize 1 0 0
recogonition 0 0 1
recoknigition 1 0 0
recomdation 1 0 0
recomdition 1 0 0
recomentation 2 0 0
recomigtion 1 0 0
recomission 1 0 0
recomition 1 0 0
recommission 1 0 0
recommition 1 0 0
reconation 1 0 0
recondation 1 0 0
recondintion 1 0 0
recondnition 1 0 0
recongenions 1 0 0
recongintion 1 1 0
recongition 1 0 0
recongnetion 1 0 0
recongnition 1 0 0
reconigation 1 0 0
reconigition 4 0 0
reconisation 1 0 0
reconitation 0 1 0
reconitin 1 0 0
reconition 6 0 1
reconization 2 1 0
reconnation 1 0 0
reconnicion 1 0 0
reconnissant 0 1 0
reconnistion 1 0 0
reconnition 2 3 0
recoznition 0 0 1
recqunition 1 0 0
recudnition 1 0 0
recuigition 0 0 1
recunestion 1 0 0
reginition 1 0 0
reginosion 1 0 0
regnition 1 2 0
renition 1 0 0
reogination 1 0 0
$recommend 128 159 177 72 41 23
commend 1 0 0
recamente 1 0 0
reccomend 16 9 3
reccommend 20 15 17
reccommended 0 1 0
reccomnend 1 0 0
recemend 1 0 0
reckamend 1 0 0
recogmend 2 1 0
recomenand 0 1 0
recomend 20 5 2
recomened 1 1 0
recommand 2 1 0
recommaned 1 0 0
recommed 0 3 0
recommendation 0 0 1 *
recommended 0 3 0 *
recommened 1 0 0
recommens 1 0 0
recomned 0 1 0
recomnend 0 0 1
recremend 1 0 0
renimation 0 1 0
rocommend 1 0 0
$recommendation 95 142 162 105 58 38
reccomendation 21 8 5
reccommendation 16 11 15
reccomondation 1 0 0
recconmendation 3 0 0
recemendation 1 0 0
rechomandation 1 0 0
reckamendation 1 0 0
reckemandation 1 0 0
reckomendation 1 0 0
reckomending 1 0 0
reckonmendation 1 0 0
recogmendation 1 0 0
recomandaion 1 0 0
recomandation 2 0 0
recomation 1 0 0
recomdmend 1 0 0
recomendasion 1 0 0
recomendation 41 31 16
recomendet 1 0 0
recomendin 0 1 0
recomenendation 1 0 0
recommandation 1 0 0
recommandment 1 0 0
recommedation 0 1 0
recommendations 1 4 0 *
recommendicate 1 0 0
reccommengation 1 0 0
recommentation 0 1 0
recomnadation 0 1 0
recomnendation 0 1 0
recomnondation 1 0 0
recomondation 0 1 1
reconemdation 0 1 0
reconmendation 0 0 1
rexemindiation 0 1 0
$recommendations 83 160 181 117 40 19
reamdizens 1 0 0
recamendations 2 0 0
reccomadations 1 0 0
reccomendation 8 0 0
reccomendations 11 16 5
reccommanditions 1 2 0
reccommedation 1 0 2
reccommedations 1 0 0
reccommendation 1 0 0
reccommendations 8 7 5
reccommodations 1 0 0
reckamendation 1 0 0
reckamentation 1 0 0
reckomendation 1 0 0
recmandation 0 1 0
recmondestions 1 0 0
recogmentation 0 1 0
recomandations 2 0 0
recomandition 1 0 0
recomdation 1 0 0
recomdations 1 0 0
recomedations 0 1 0
recomendation 13 0 0
recomendations 17 10 4
recomendent 0 1 0
recomenidations 1 0 0
recommadation 1 0 0
recommaddation 1 0 0
recommadion 1 0 0
recommandations 2 0 0
Recommdations 0 0 1
recommdations 1 0 0
recommedations 1 0 0
recommedctions 2 0 0
recommendation 21 0 0
Recommendations 0 0 2
recommenddation 1 0 0
recommenddations 1 0 0
recommendtion 1 0 0
recommendtions 1 0 0
recommondations 1 0 0
recomnendiation 1 0 0
recomondations 1 0 0
recondations 1 0 0
reconmendations 0 1 0
recremendations 1 0 0
recunendate 1 0 0
twenty 1 0 0
$recommended 110 160 171 90 40 29
recamended 1 0 0
reccomended 7 8 6
reccomendent 1 0 0
reccommend 2 1 1
reccommended 12 11 8
recemended 2 0 0
recemendent 1 0 0
recemmendment 1 0 0
reckamend 1 0 0
reckamendaded 1 0 0
reckcomended 1 0 0
reckomend 1 0 0
reclomended 1 0 0
reclomiclent 1 0 0
recmendent 1 0 0
recmonmend 1 0 0
recogmended 1 0 0
recomandant 1 0 0
recomeded 1 0 0
recomemented 1 0 0
recomend 1 1 0
recomended 28 11 6
recomendend 1 0 0
recomendid 1 0 0
recomened 3 0 0
recommed 1 0 0
recommeded 0 0 1
recommend 4 8 7
recommendant 1 0 0
recommendent 1 0 0
recommending 1 0 0
recommened 2 0 0
recommented 2 0 0
recomnded 1 0 0
recomnend 1 0 0
rectmenton 1 0 0
recumended 1 0 0
recummed 1 0 0
$recommending 111 155 177 89 45 23
recamending 1 0 0
reccomending 16 7 5
reccominding 1 0 0
reccommding 1 0 0
reccommending 23 15 10
recconending 1 0 0
reckamening 1 0 0
reckmending 1 0 0
reckomending 2 0 0
recogmending 1 0 0
recomanding 1 0 0
recomding 1 0 0
recomend 3 0 0
recomending 23 14 2
recominding 0 0 1
recommanding 1 1 0
recommeding 4 1 0
recommend 1 1 1
recommended 0 2 3
recommerding 1 0 0
recomminding 3 0 0
recomming 1 0 0
recomondening 0 1 0
recomonding 0 1 0
remmaction 0 1 0
$referred 121 167 182 80 33 18
refeard 1 0 0
refeared 1 0 0
refer 3 2 1
referd 2 0 0
refered 57 26 16
reffered 4 3 1
refferred 2 0 0
reffored 0 1 0
refired 1 0 0
refirred 1 0 0
refured 5 1 0
preferred 1 0 0
$referring 115 149 164 85 51 36
refearing 1 0 0
refereing 2 0 0
refering 55 41 33
referred 0 0 1
referrings 0 1 0
refferring 4 0 0
refuring 5 4 1
refurring 2 0 0
$refrigerator 80 130 163 120 70 37
frigarator 1 0 0
friquited 0 1 0
refergator 1 0 0
refergiator 1 0 0
refergior 1 0 0
referigerater 1 0 0
referigerator 1 0 0
refidualetor 1 0 0
refigator 1 0 0
refigerator 3 1 0
refigorator 0 0 1
refigrator 0 0 1
refiguater 1 0 0
refirarator 1 0 0
refirgator 1 0 0
reflagerator 0 0 1
refredgator 0 1 0
refrediator 1 0 0
refreduator 1 0 0
refreduater 1 0 0
refredurator 1 0 0
refregarator 3 0 1
refregator 1 0 0
refregeaters 1 0 0
refregerator 2 4 1
refregerators 1 0 0
refregiator 2 0 0
refregirator 1 0 0
refregitor 0 1 0
refregrator 1 0 0
refregritator 1 0 0
refregurator 1 1 0
refreigator 1 0 0
refreigiator 1 0 0
refriderator 1 0 1
refridgarator 0 1 1
refridgator 1 0 0
refridgeator 0 0 1
refridger 1 0 0
refridgerater 3 0 0
refridgerator 9 6 5
refridgetor 1 0 0
refridgirater 1 0 0
refridgrator 0 1 0
refridguator 1 0 0
refridiator 1 1 0
refriduatr 1 0 0
refriegator 0 0 1
refriegerator 0 2 0
refrierator 0 1 0
refrigarater 2 1 0
refrigarator 3 3 2
refrigator 10 16 4
refrigderator 1 0 0
refrigeater 1 0 0
refrigeator 4 2 2
refrigedator 0 1 0
refrigeratar 1 0 0
refrigerate 0 1 0
refrigerater 10 3 1
refrigeratior 0 1 0
refrigerators 1 0 0 *
refrigerter 1 0 0
refrigertor 0 0 1
refrighter 1 0 0
refrigiater 1 0 0
refrigiator 6 1 5
refrigidator 1 0 0
refrigirador 0 1 0
refrigirator 2 2 0
refrigitator 0 1 0
refrigiter 0 0 1
refrigorator 5 3 5
refrigortar 1 0 0
refrigrater 3 0 0
refrigrator 0 4 0
refrigriator 0 2 0
refrigtator 1 0 0
refrigtor 0 2 0
refriguater 2 0 0
refriguator 0 2 0
refriguerator 0 0 1
refrigurator 2 0 0
refuidigator 1 0 0
reviauorter 1 0 0
refigorator 1 0 0
$regretted 134 179 184 66 21 16
gregrated 1 0 0
receted 1 0 0
recorrected 1 0 0
redricted 1 0 0
regarded 0 1 0
regated 1 0 0
regerted 0 1 0
regeted 2 0 0
regetted 2 0 0
regreated 5 0 0
regrected 1 0 0
regreeted 1 0 0
Regreted 1 0 5
regreted 45 19 11
regretite 1 0 0
requeted 1 0 0
ungreaded 1 0 0
unregereted 1 0 0
$remembrance 104 153 186 96 47 14
remberance 1 4 0
remberemance 1 0 0
remberence 2 0 0
remberiance 1 0 0
rembrance 3 1 0
rembrence 1 1 0
remeberence 1 0 0
remebrence 1 0 0
rememberance 47 32 11
rememberants 1 0 0
rememberence 12 4 0
remembers 0 1 0
remembrence 5 1 0
remembunce 1 0 0
rememerance 1 1 1
remenbence 1 0 0
remenbences 1 0 0
remenberance 1 0 0
remenbrance 3 1 1
remerince 1 0 0
remmberance 1 0 0
remmberence 1 0 0
remmbranes 1 0 0
remmbranse 1 0 0
remmeberance 3 1 0
remmemberaice 1 0 0
remmembrance 0 0 1
remmenbrance 1 0 0
renbreance 1 0 0
renemberence 1 0 0
$representatives 117 159 184 83 41 16
repasenatives 1 0 0
repersenatives 2 0 0
repersenitives 3 0 0
repersentatives 1 2 0
repersentaves 1 0 0
repersentitive 1 0 0
repersentitives 0 1 0
repersentive 1 0 0
repersentives 1 1 0
repersentives 1 0 0
repersintives 1 0 0
repesentatives 1 0 0
repesident 1 0 0
repistentives 1 0 0
represantives 0 1 0
represempative 1 0 0
Represenatives 1 1 0
represenatives 8 11 6
represenetives 1 0 0
represenitatives 1 0 0
represenitive 1 0 0
Represenitives 1 0 0
represenitives 4 1 0
representative 1 3 3
Representatives 3 2 0
representative's 1 0 0
representatives' 0 1 0
representivies 1 0 0
representies 1 0 0
representitatives 1 0 0
representitive 3 0 0
representitives 15 7 6
representive 1 0 0
representives 14 10 1
representiveties 1 0 0
represident's 1 0 0
represinetives 1 0 0
represnetatives 1 0 0
represtantives 1 0 0
repsenatives 1 0 0
repstinues 1 0 0
respensations 1 0 0
$requisition 47 130 184 153 70 16
exerize 0 1 0
recasition 4 0 0
reccognition 1 0 0
reccosition 2 0 0
reccresition 1 0 0
recesetion 1 0 0
reckcresition 1 0 0
reckfusition 1 0 0
reckosision 1 0 0
reckqasition 1 0 0
reckresion 1 0 0
reckuizition 1 0 0
recocition 0 1 0
recognition 3 0 1
recogrecion 1 0 0
reconshion 0 1 0
recoquisition 0 1 0
recosisition 1 0 0
recosution 1 0 0
reoczation 1 0 0
recozition 1 1 0
recposition 2 0 0
recqosition 1 0 0
recquasition 1 0 0
recquazation 0 1 0
recquesition 1 1 0
recquisem 1 0 0
recquision 4 4 0
recquisision 2 0 0
recquisition 25 13 3
recquistion 0 1 4
recquition 0 1 0
recquizition 2 0 0
recquocition 0 1 0
recquosition 2 3 0
recqusion 1 0 0
recqusisn 1 0 0
recqusision 1 0 0
recqusistion 2 0 0
recqusition 3 2 0
recqussion 1 0 0
recrasion 1 0 0
recrasistion 1 0 0
recreation 1 0 0
recresentent 1 0 0
recresion 1 0 0
recresistion 1 0 0
recresition 6 1 0
recression 1 0 0
recretion 1 0 0
recrisition 1 0 0
recrosquion 1 0 0
recruzition 1 0 0
rectquisition 1 0 0
rectquistion 1 0 0
recuazition 1 0 0
recuisition 1 0 1
recuqusition 1 0 0
recusition 2 0 0
recwesision 1 0 0
recwisition 1 0 0
recwizion 1 0 0
regresition 1 0 0
rekquisition 1 0 0
reperssition 1 0 0
repesition 1 0 0
repetition 0 1 0
reposistion 1 0 0
reposition 3 0 0
reppresision 1 0 0
represision 1 0 0
represition 2 0 0
reqoised 0 0 1
requation 1 0 0
requcision 1 0 0
requesetion 0 1 0
requesion 1 0 0
requesition 6 6 0
requession 1 0 0
requetion 1 0 0
requicism 0 0 1
requicition 0 1 0
requirsition 1 0 0
requiscion 0 1 0
requision 3 3 0
requisision 1 2 0
requission 1 1 0
requistion 4 8 1
requistision 0 1 0
requition 2 1 0
requizition 1 1 1
requizsition 1 0 0
requosition 2 1 0
requsion 2 0 0
requsision 1 0 0
requsition 5 2 0
$restaurant 57 114 135 143 86 65
reasturant 0 1 0
recturant 1 0 0
reserant 1 0 0
residerant 1 0 0
restant 0 1 0
restarant 1 0 1
restaraunt 3 7 2
restarount 1 1 0
restaurent 1 3 3
restawrent 1 0 0
resteant 1 0 0
resten 1 0 0
resterant 6 5 4
resteraunt 5 4 7
resterent 8 0 3
resterunt 3 0 1
resteruunt 1 0 0
restirant 2 0 0
restorvant 0 1 0
restranant 1 0 0
restranrant 1 0 0
restrant 2 1 1
restrarant 0 0 1
restrarent 2 0 1
restrarunt 0 0 1
restrauent 2 0 2
restraunt 4 4 2
restrent 3 0 0
restrount 2 1 0
restruant 1 4 0
restruarant 0 0 2
restruarent 0 0 1
restrunt 9 2 5
restrurant 0 0 1
restuarant 8 4 1
restuaurunt 4 0 0
resturant 52 42 24
resturaunt 1 0 1
restureant 1 0 0
resturent 2 0 0
resturrant 1 4 0
reustrant 0 1 0
ruasturant 0 0 1
$rheumatism 97 124 155 103 76 45
hrumitisum 0 1 0
mutisuhn 1 0 0
rehematisem 0 1 0
rehmetism 1 0 0
rehmitism 1 0 0
rehmnitic 1 0 0
rehumatism 4 3 2
rehunatism 1 0 0
rehunetiziem 1 0 0
rematic 1 0 0
remunism 0 1 0
reuathism 0 1 0
reuhmatism 0 1 0
reumaitis 0 1 0
reumatism 2 5 1
reumatum 0 1 0
reumetism 2 0 0
reumheatisim 1 0 0
reumitisiam 1 0 0
reumitisim 1 0 0
reumitism 2 0 0
reuthisimn 1 0 0
rheoumatism 1 0 0
rhematism 1 3 2
rhematisum 1 0 0
rehmeutism 0 1 0
rhemitism 1 1 0
rhemutism 1 0 0
rheuatism 0 1 0
rheumantism 0 3 0
rheumastism 1 0 0
rheumaticism 0 1 1
rheumaticm 0 1 0
rheumaticsm 0 1 0
rheumatisim 0 0 1
rheumatisium 0 1 0
rheumatisum 2 0 0
rheumatizm 0 0 3
rheumetism 0 1 2
rheumetizim 1 0 0
rheumitism 4 3 1
rheumitizm 1 0 0
rheumtism 1 0 0
rheumtizeum 1 0 0
rheunatism 1 0 0
rheusmatism 0 1 1
rheutism 0 0 1
rhmatism 0 0 1
rhomitisum 0 1 0
rhomtism 0 1 0
rhueamtism 0 1 0
rhuematism 4 5 7
rhuematizm 1 0 0
rhuemetism 1 0 0
rhuemitism 1 1 0
rhuemtisum 1 0 0
rhumatisim 1 0 0
rhumatisimn 1 0 0
Rhumatism 0 1 0
rhumatism 8 17 15
rhumatisum 1 0 0
rhumenatism 0 0 1
rhumetisim 2 0 0
rhumetism 1 5 1
rhumism 1 0 0
rhumistism 0 1 0
rhumitisam 0 1 0
rhumitism 3 1 1
rhummatism 0 1 0
Rhymatism 1 0 0
rhymatism 1 0 0
romatism 1 0 0
roomasitam 1 0 0
roomitisum 2 0 0
ruemitisium 1 0 0
ruhmatism 0 0 2
ruinitism 1 0 0
rumantisan 1 0 0
rumaticism 0 1 0
rumatisamun 1 0 0
rumatisem 1 0 0
rumatisim 1 0 0
rumatism 2 0 0
rumatisum 1 0 0
rumatizum 0 1 0
rumetisum 1 0 0
rumithism 0 1 0
rumitisam 1 0 0
rumitisim 2 0 0
rumitisium 1 0 0
rumitism 2 0 0
rumitisum 1 0 0
rumitisumn 1 0 0
rumitizaim 0 1 0
rumitizium 1 0 0
rumitizm 2 0 0
rummitizem 1 0 0
rumutesuem 1 0 0
ryhamatism 1 0 0
rymathiesetm 1 0 0
$ridiculous 44 113 133 156 87 67
credicus 1 0 0
dredictiest 1 0 0
readicules 1 0 0
recidelious 0 1 0
reculious 1 0 0
redecelous 0 1 0
redeciolous 0 1 0
redecless 1 0 0
redectiouls 1 0 0
redectleus 1 0 0
redeculious 1 0 0
redeculous 0 1 0
redicolous 2 0 1
redicalus 1 0 0
redicealle's 1 0 0
redicelous 1 0 0
rediceous 1 0 0
redicilious 1 0 0
redicilous 1 3 1
rediciolus 1 0 0
rediciouls 1 0 0
redicious 1 1 0
redickilous 1 0 0
redicklelous 1 0 0
redickles 1 0 0
redicklous 1 0 0
redickulicious 1 0 0
redickulus 1 0 0
rediclious 1 1 0
rediclous 0 1 0
redicolus 0 1 0
redicoulos 1 0 0
redicoulous 1 0 0
redicouls 1 0 0
redicrialous 1 0 0
redictilies 1 0 0
redictious 1 0 0
redictoulous 0 1 0
redictualous 0 1 0
redictulous 1 0 0
redicualace 1 0 0
redicualous 1 0 0
rediculace 3 4 0
rediculars 1 0 0
redicular 13 1 0
rediculase 1 0 0
rediculeous 1 1 0
redicules 3 1 0
rediculess 3 0 0
rediculious 5 1 0
rediculosis 1 0 0
rediculius 2 0 0
rediculives 0 0 1
rediculose 1 0 0
rediculous 47 50 56
rediculus 3 2 3
rediculys 2 0 0
redikulis 1 0 0
rediluous 1 0 0
redioules 1 0 0
redisilus 1 0 0
redisous 1 0 0
rediuless 1 0 0
reducilias 1 0 0
reducition 1 0 0
reduckulies 1 0 0
reducules 1 0 0
redudels 1 0 0
retickilish 1 0 0
reticuous 1 0 0
ridculos 1 0 0
rideculas 1 0 0
rideculous 0 1 0
ridicalicous 1 0 0
ridicilous 0 3 0
ridicoulas 0 1 0
ridictulas 1 0 0
ridiculas 4 0 0
ridiculase 0 1 0
ridiculeous 0 0 1
ridicules 1 1 0
ridiculious 0 3 0
ridiculois 0 1 0
ridiculos 2 1 0
ridiculosis 1 0 0
ridiculess 1 0 0
ridiculuois 0 0 1
ridiculus 3 2 2
ridiculuss 1 0 0
riducouls 1 0 0
rudiculous 0 0 1
$romantic 139 196 194 61 4 6
rehomatic 1 0 0
remantic 1 0 0
reomentic 1 0 0
rheumatic 1 0 0
rhomentic 1 0 0
romact 1 0 0
roman 4 0 0
romance 2 0 0
romanic 0 1 1
romanitic 3 0 0
romantec 0 0 1
Romantic 0 0 2
romantice 1 0 0
romantive 1 0 0
Romatic 0 0 1
romatic 34 3 1
romatics 1 0 0
romatict 1 0 0
romating 1 0 0
romentic 3 0 0
romentict 1 0 0
romichic 1 0 0
romonac 1 0 0
ronandic 1 0 0
$satisfactorily 99 127 165 101 73 35
sactisfactory 2 0 0
sadusfatoury 1 0 0
saficutary 0 1 0
sasafactoryly 1 0 0
sastisifactory 1 0 0
satafactoraly 0 1 0
satafactory 1 0 0
satasfactorly 1 0 0
saticfactory 1 0 0
saticfacturaly 1 0 0
satifactorily 6 1 0
satifactory 2 1 0
satifacturally 1 0 0
satifatorally 1 0 0
satifielty 1 0 0
satifactorly 1 0 0
satifortary 1 0 0
satisfacorilly 1 0 0
satisfactarily 2 0 0
satisfacterly 2 0 0
satisfactonly 1 0 0
satisfactorally 11 13 13
satisfactoraly 2 4 0
satisfactorcly 1 0 0
satisfactorely 1 1 0
satisfactorial 1 1 0
satisfactorially 2 1 4
satisfactorialy 1 0 0
satisfactorilly 4 3 5
satisfactorlily 1 0 0
satisfactorlly 1 2 0
satisfactororily 0 1 0
satisfactorly 20 26 3
satisfactory 14 11 5
satisfactoryially 0 0 1
satisfactoryil 1 0 0
satisfactoryly 2 1 0
satisfactually 0 0 1
satisfacturally 1 2 0
satisfacturaly 2 1 1
satisfacturely 1 0 0
satisfacturly 0 1 0
satisfatorly 1 0 0
satisfilly 1 0 0
satysfactory 1 0 0
staisfactorally 0 0 1
statistory 1 0 0
$scandal 128 170 194 72 30 6
sandal 0 1 0
sandel 1 0 0
scand 0 1 0
scandall 2 0 0
scandel 20 10 1
scandil 1 0 0
scandle 35 13 5
scandly 2 0 0
scandol 1 2 0
scandul 1 0 0
scanduol 0 1 0
scantal 0 1 0
scantle 1 0 0
scanuly 1 0 0
schandal 1 0 0
schandel 1 0 0
schandle 1 0 0
schundle 1 0 0
skandel 1 0 0
skandle 0 1 0
skandule 1 0 0
standle 1 0 0
$schedule 96 146 191 104 54 9
scadual 1 0 0
scadualy 1 0 0
scadule 1 0 0
scandual 1 0 0
sceddial 1 0 0
scedgae 1 0 0
scedgel 1 0 0
scedgual 1 0 0
scedgule 1 0 0
scedual 20 4 1
sceduel 2 1 0
scedugal 1 0 0
scedule 8 6 2
schedal 3 0 0
schedal 1 0 0
schedele 0 1 0
schedgual 0 1 0
schedual 10 11 1
scheduald 0 1 0
scheduale 2 0 0
scheduel 6 2 0
schedul 1 0 2
scheduled 1 3 1 *
schedute 1 0 0
schelude 1 2 1
scheudel 1 0 0
scheudled 0 1 0
scheule 1 0 0
schual 1 0 0
schudel 1 0 0
schudele 1 0 0
schudle 2 1 0
schudual 2 0 1
schudule 0 1 0
schuelde 0 1 0
schulay 1 0 0
sckedual 0 1 0
sckedule 0 4 0
scudial 0 1 0
scudual 1 0 0
secdual 1 0 0
seceduel 1 0 0
sechedule 0 1 0
secure 0 1 0
sheduel 1 0 0
shedule 2 1 0
sheual 1 0 0
skedgreal 1 0 0
skedual 7 4 0
skeduel 1 0 0
skedule 4 4 1
$scheduled 87 134 162 113 64 38
sceauled 1 0 0
sceduae 4 1 0
scedualed 5 1 0
scedualled 1 0 0
sceduals 1 0 0
sceduel 1 0 0
scedueled 2 1 0
scedule 0 1 0
sceduled 4 4 1
scegel 1 0 0
sceheduled 1 0 0
sceuduel 1 0 0
schedaled 0 1 0
schedual 2 5 3
scheduald 1 0 0
scheduale 0 1 0
schedualed 7 7 4
schedudled 0 0 1
scheduel 3 0 0
scjedueld 1 0 0
schedueled 6 3 0
schedulaled 1 0 0
schedule 25 18 24
Scheduled 1 0 0
schedules 1 0 0
scheldued 0 1 0
schelude 1 1 0
scheluded 0 0 1
scheludled 0 1 0
scheluled 1 0 0
scheudaled 0 1 0
scheudle 1 0 0
scheudled 0 1 0
scheuduled 1 0 0
scheul 1 0 0
scheuled 2 1 0
schuald 1 0 0
schualed 1 0 0
schudel 1 0 0
schudle 1 0 0
schudled 1 1 0
schuduled 1 0 0
schuedled 0 0 1
schuedule 1 0 0
schueduled 1 0 0
schuelded 2 1 0
schueled 2 0 0
schulded 1 0 0
schuled 1 1 0
schuleded 1 0 0
sceudual 0 1 0
sckedule 0 1 0
scludled 1 0 0
scodule 1 0 0
scuddual 1 0 0
scudual 0 0 1
scudule 0 1 0
scuedal 1 0 0
scueduleo 1 0 0
sculture 1 0 0
scundale 1 0 0
sechuade 0 1 0
secudall 1 0 0
sedualed 0 1 0
seduled 1 0 0
sheleude 1 0 0
sheuduled 1 0 0
skedualed 1 1 1
skedule 0 1 1
skeduled 1 2 0
skeldual 1 0 0
skerckal 1 0 0
sketualy 0 1 0
skeulde 1 0 0
skheduled 1 0 0
skuled 0 1 0
$seized 77 149 158 123 51 42
ceased 30 7 2
ceazzed 1 0 0
ceeded 0 1 0
ceised 1 0 0
ceized 1 1 0
cesded 1 0 0
cesed 2 0 0
ciezed 2 0 0
sceased 1 1 0
sceeced 2 0 0
sceised 1 1 0
sciezed 1 0 0
seaced 1 0 0
seased 5 2 1
seatized 1 0 0
seazed 1 0 0
seccdead 1 0 0
seeced 1 0 0
seese 1 0 0
seezed 1 0 0
seiced 1 0 0
seiged 1 0 0
seised 5 0 0
seize 2 0 1
sesded 1 0 0
sieced 1 0 0
siesed 2 0 0
sieze 1 0 0
siezed 43 35 38
sized 4 3 0
szeid 1 0 0
$so-called 85 139 175 115 61 25
sa-called 1 0 0
socale 3 1 0
so_call 1 0 0
so-call 1 2 1
socalled 80 28 10
so_called 26 30 14
so-colled 2 0 0
sol-called 1 0 0
$solemn 69 151 182 131 49 18
psalm 3 3 0
salem 0 1 0
salemn 0 3 0
sallom 1 0 0
salmon 1 0 0
slaom 1 0 0
salumne 0 1 0
slomue 1 0 0
solam 3 0 0
solem 18 4 0
soleman 0 0 1
solemon 2 2 0
solemum 0 1 0
solemun 1 1 0
solenn 0 0 1
soleom 1 0 0
soleum 2 1 0
solid 0 1 1
solim 1 0 0
solium 1 0 0
sollem 1 0 0
sollom 0 1 0
sollum 1 0 0
solm 3 0 0
solman 1 0 0
solmem 1 0 0
solmen 2 0 0
solmn 6 1 2
solmon 1 1 0
solmun 1 0 0
soloem 0 1 0
solom 16 3 0
Solome 1 0 0
solme 4 2 1
solomen 1 0 0
Solomn 1 0 0
solomon 1 2 2
solomn 22 12 7
solon 0 1 0
soloum 4 0 0
soloun 1 0 0
soluem 1 0 0
solum 7 1 0
solume 3 0 0
solumn 10 5 1
solumun 1 0 0
solunm 1 0 0
soluom 1 0 0
sullen 0 0 1
suman 1 0 0
$sorority 64 142 168 136 58 32
carority 2 0 0
ceroraty 1 0 0
cesarenty 1 0 0
cireualey 1 0 0
ciroarity 1 0 0
currority 1 0 0
sarity 0 1 0
saroaities 0 1 0
saroaraty 4 0 0
saroity 6 0 0
sarority 4 1 0
sarorrity 1 0 0
saurtly 1 0 0
scarority 1 0 0
scoratity 1 0 0
scoritory 0 1 0
scoritty 1 0 0
secority 1 0 0
senority 0 1 0
serariety 2 0 0
serarity 6 3 0
seroity 0 0 1
seroroty 1 0 0
serority 0 2 0
serroity 1 0 0
serroraty 2 0 0
seurorty 0 1 0
shorariety 0 0 1
shrority 1 0 0
sirority 3 2 0
sirroraty 1 0 0
snoraty 1 0 0
sacroity 0 1 0
sohreyety 1 0 0
soiority 0 0 1
soirerty 1 0 0
solarity 0 0 1
soraraty 1 0 0
sorarity 0 1 0
sorourity 1 1 0
soreity 0 0 1
soretry 1 0 0
soriciety 0 0 1
soriety 2 1 0
soriority 1 3 0
soririty 1 0 0
soritety 0 1 0
sority 3 0 1
soroarate 1 0 0
soroarite 1 0 0
soroarity 2 0 0
soroartity 1 0 0
soroatly 1 0 0
soroiety 0 2 1
Soroity 1 0 0
soroity 0 4 2
sororeity 2 0 0
sororety 0 0 1
sororiety 2 7 11
sororitity 1 0 0
sororoty 4 0 0
sorotory- 0 1 0
sorowety 1 0 0
sorrity 0 0 1
sorrodily 1 0 0
sorroity 0 1 0
sorroraty 2 0 0
sorrority 12 8 8
sorrourity 0 1 0
souraty 1 0 0
sourity 1 0 0
sourorely 1 0 0
sourority 0 0 1
sournate 0 1 0
suaally 1 0 0
suarity 1 0 0
sulroarity 1 0 0
suracaty 2 0 0
surally 1 0 0
suralty 1 0 0
suraraly 1 0 0
suroarity 9 0 0
surority 7 3 0
surraty 0 1 0
surroitty 1 0 0
surrority 1 2 0
surrourity 1 0 0
surrowey 1 0 0
syrority 1 0 0
$specific 120 193 198 80 7 2
Paciffic 1 0 0
pacific 9 1 0
Pacific 2 0 0
pacquik 1 0 0
passific 1 0 0
pecific 1 0 0
pecifick 1 0 0
picipic 1 0 0
sespecific 1 0 0
spacific 11 4 0
spasific 1 0 0
spcific 2 0 0
specefe 1 0 0
specefic 1 0 1
specfic 1 0 1
speciefic 0 1 0
Specifa 1 0 0
specifac 1 0 0
specifect 1 0 0
specifficy 1 0 0
speciffic 5 0 0
Specific 0 1 0
specifica 1 0 0
specifich 1 0 0
specifict 3 0 0
specipik 1 0 0
specipit 1 0 0
specsiface 1 0 0
spefick 1 0 0
spescivic 1 0 0
spesific 3 0 0
spesifict 1 0 0
spficsic 1 0 0
spiciefic 1 0 0
spiciffic 1 0 0
spicific 7 0 0
spicivic 1 0 0
spiecivic 1 0 0
spisific 1 0 0
spsific 1 0 0
spyfic 1 0 0
$specifically 47 159 182 153 41 18
pacfically 1 0 0
pacifacly 1 0 0
paciffically 1 0 0
pacifficlly 1 0 0
pacifical 1 0 0
pacifically 3 0 0
pacificaly 1 0 0
pacifictly 2 0 0
paficaly 1 0 0
pasificaly 2 0 0
pecificual 1 0 0
pecificule 1 0 0
persivacly 1 0 0
pesifiecally 1 0 0
phacialy 1 0 0
phacificially 2 0 0
phificall 1 0 0
phyfically 1 0 0
physifically 1 1 0
picfically 1 0 0
picificly 1 0 0
picpisy 1 0 0
possivically 1 0 0
pussificulty 1 0 0
pysifily 1 0 0
sepecifically 1 0 0
sipaficaly 1 0 0
spacically 1 1 0
spaciffically 1 0 0
spacifically 4 4 0
spacificaly 2 2 0
spacificially 1 1 0
spacificly 5 0 0
spacifilly 1 0 0
spacilly 1 0 0
spacivicaly 1 0 0
spcioicately 1 0 0
spcyphicically 1 0 0
specefically 1 0 1
speceficalsee 1 0 0
specephicly 1 0 0
specfically 1 3 0
speci 1 0 0
specifacly 1 0 0
specifacly 1 0 0
specifacully 1 0 0
specifcale 1 0 0
specifcally 1 0 0
specifecely 1 0 0
specifecly 1 1 0
specifecully 1 0 0
speciffically 3 0 1
specifi 1 0 0
specific 3 1 0
specificalely 1 0 0
specificaly 5 0 0
specificately 2 1 0
specificely 3 2 0
specifickly 1 0 0
specificlly 3 2 0
specificly 20 20 16
specificually 1 0 0
specificulty 1 0 0
specifiecaly 1 0 0
specifucally 1 0 0
specifuclly 1 0 0
specify 1 0 0
specip 1 0 0
speciphicly 1 0 0
specio 1 0 0
speciocally 1 0 0
speclovel 1 0 0
spectf 0 1 0
spectfically 1 0 0
spectioly 1 0 0
specyically 1 0 0
speecificully 1 0 0
speficically 1 0 0
speficict 1 0 0
spesifically 2 0 0
spesificaly 2 1 0
spesificale 1 0 0
sphecificly 1 0 0
sphificly 1 0 0
sphisisly 1 0 0
spicificily 1 0 0
supacificly 1 0 0
spicificly 1 0 0
$specimen 120 158 169 80 42 31
scecameon 1 0 0
secpamon 1 0 0
sepcimen 1 0 0
sepecimen 1 0 0
sepesaman 1 0 0
sepesinman 1 0 0
sepesiment 0 0 1
sepesion 1 0 0
spacimen 1 0 0
speamend 1 0 0
specaman 1 1 0
specament 1 0 0
specamin 0 1 0
specemen 1 0 0
specemens 1 0 0
specement 1 0 0
specemin 1 0 0
speciemen 2 0 0
speciement 0 0 1
specienens 1 0 0
soecimaan 0 0 1
speciman 30 28 21
specimann 1 0 0
Specimen 0 3 0
specimend 2 1 0
specimene 1 0 0
Specimens 5 3 0 *
speciment 4 1 4
speciments 1 0 0
specimine 1 1 1
specimn 1 0 0
specimun 0 0 1
specinen 0 0 1
specionm 1 0 0
specismen 1 0 0
specium 0 1 0
speciumen 0 1 0
specman 1 0 0
specmen 3 0 0
specmicn 1 0 0
speecaman 1 0 0
speicemen 0 1 0
speicman 1 0 0
spemans 1 0 0
spesciment 1 0 0
spesimen 0 1 0
spesimen 2 0 0
spesiment 1 0 0
spesimon 1 0 0
spessimen 1 0 0
spicemen 1 0 0
spiciman 1 0 0
spiecman 1 0 0
spiecmen 1 0 0
spieimins 0 1 0
$specimens 126 157 183 74 43 17
secpimens 1 0 0
sepamns 1 0 0
sepecife 0 1 0
sepemends 1 0 0
sipumens 0 1 0
speasmens 0 1 0
specamens 1 1 0
specamins 0 1 0
specemunt 1 0 0
specfunens 0 1 0
speciamans 0 1 0
speciamens 1 0 0
speciamns 1 0 0
specicims 0 1 0
speciemends 0 1 0
speciemens 0 1 1
speciements 0 0 1
speciemn 0 1 0
speciems 0 1 0
speciemuns 0 1 0
specimans 26 9 12
specimen 5 1 1
specimenence 1 0 0
specimends 2 0 0
specimen's 0 2 0
speciments 5 3 0
specimims 1 0 0
specimines 0 2 0
specimins 3 2 0
specimns 0 1 0
specimums 0 1 0
specimuns 0 2 1
specinens 1 0 0
speciums 0 1 0
specumens 0 1 1
specusamends 0 1 0
spedicemas 1 0 0
speicimens 1 0 0
spenious 1 0 0
spesements 1 0 0
spesiamen 1 0 0
spesment 1 0 0
spicemens 3 1 0
spicements 2 0 0
spicimens 3 0 0
spicimuns 1 0 0
spiecman 1 0 0
spisemans 1 0 0
spuciman 1 0 0
suppictments 1 0 0
$spiritual 131 182 198 69 18 2
pirtral 1 0 0
sipural 1 0 0
spcerial 1 0 0
spearacher 1 0 0
spearitial 1 0 0
speartiual 1 0 0
speiritually 1 0 0
speratral 1 0 0
speratual 2 0 0
speratural 0 1 0
sperical 1 0 0
speritual 2 2 0
spertial 0 1 0
spertiaul 0 1 0
spherical 1 0 0
spieratually 1 0 0
spirchial 0 1 0
spirical 1 0 0
spirisul 1 0 0
spirital 4 0 0
spiritial 4 0 0
spiritiaul 2 0 0
spirititual 1 0 0
spirituall 1 0 0
spiritually 1 0 0 *
spiritul 2 0 0
spiritural 3 0 0
spiriturel 2 0 0
spirlial 1 0 0
spirt 1 0 0
spirtful 1 0 0
spirtial 2 0 0
spirtional 1 0 0
spirttual 1 0 0
spirtual 9 10 2
spirtural 0 1 0
spitirial 1 0 0
spitrial 1 0 0
spitural 2 0 0
spirurel 1 0 0
sprirtual 1 0 0
sprital 1 0 0
spritially 1 0 0
spritiual 1 0 0
spritual 2 1 0
spritule 1 0 0
spritural 1 0 0
spulcure 1 0 0
spuritily 1 0 0
$statistics 110 156 196 90 44 4
certistices 1 0 0
cististics 1 0 0
distiticks 1 0 0
sasticics 0 1 0
sastictic 0 1 0
sastictics 1 0 0
satistics 1 1 0
sestistics 1 0 0
setistics 1 0 0
sististic 1 0 0
sitictis 1 0 0
sitisitice 1 0 0
sitistic 1 0 0
sitistics 2 0 0
sitisticts 1 0 0
sotistic 1 0 0
stacatic 1 0 0
stacticits 0 1 0
stactics 1 1 0
stacticts 0 1 0
stastics 1 2 0
stastictics 1 1 1
stasticties 1 0 0
stastistis 2 4 0
stastitics 0 2 0
statastics 0 0 1
statatics 0 1 0
statesic 1 0 0
statestics 0 1 1
statices 1 0 0
staticies 0 1 0
staticisics 0 1 0
staticits 1 0 0
Statics 0 1 0
statics 2 1 0
statictcs 1 0 0
statictics 1 0 0
staticts 1 1 0
statistic 1 1 0
statisticks 1 0 0
Statistics 1 0 0
statithics 0 1 0
statisticts 2 0 0
statistikes 1 0 0
statitics 0 2 0
statitus 1 0 0
statstics 1 0 0
status 1 0 0
staylistic 1 0 0
stectics 1 0 0
steriaties 0 1 0
stesticics 0 1 0
stetistic 1 0 0
stetistics 1 0 0
stictics 1 0 0
stictsics 1 0 0
stictuct 0 1 0
stilistus 1 0 0
stisicks 1 0 0
stistic 1 1 0
stistics 0 1 0
stistictics 1 0 0
stisticts 1 1 1
stitate 1 0 0
stitictics 1 0 0
stiticts 1 0 0
stitistics 3 2 0
stituatices 1 0 0
stoctitics 0 1 0
stostics 1 0 0
sttistics 1 0 0
stucktiscus 1 0 0
stusicitic 1 0 0
stustitices 1 0 0
stutecticks 1 0 0
stutics 1 0 0
stutistics 6 1 0
stuttish 1 0 0
succticts 1 0 0
suspetious 1 0 0
sustics 1 0 0
sustictes 0 1 0
sutices 1 0 0
sutistick 1 0 0
sutistics 2 0 0
sutities 1 0 0
systicts 1 0 0
sytistics 0 1 0
tististicts 1 0 0
$strenuous 92 128 171 108 72 29
sprenuious 1 0 0
standeile 1 0 0
stendious 1 0 0
stenious 0 0 1
stenous 1 0 0
storanious 0 1 0
straines 0 1 0
strainous 3 0 0
strainuest 1 0 0
strainulous 1 0 0
strainuous 1 3 0
strainurous 1 0 0
strainuss 1 0 0
strandiss 1 0 0
straneous 2 0 0
stranious 4 0 0
stranuas 1 0 0
stranuious 0 1 0
stranuiss 1 0 0
stranuous 1 0 0
stranuses 1 0 0
streanious 1 1 0
streanous 0 0 1
streguas 1 0 0
streinous 1 0 0
stremious 1 1 0
strendously 0 1 0
streneous 1 0 0
streneous 9 19 10
strenerous 0 0 1
strengenious 0 1 0
strengeous 0 1 0
strengheous 1 0 0
strenguous 1 1 0
strenious 11 10 4
streniously 0 0 1
strenius 1 0 0
strenlium 1 0 0
strenlous 1 0 0
strennous 1 0 0
strenoues 1 0 0
strenouos 1 1 0
strenouous 1 0 0
strenous 19 18 10
strenrus 1 0 0
strenuas 1 0 0
strenueas 1 0 0
strenues 3 0 0
strenueus 1 0 0
strenuious 2 1 1
strenuis 1 1 0
strenuless 1 0 0
strenulus 1 0 0
strenumious 0 1 0
strenuos 5 1 2
strenus 2 0 0
strenyous 0 2 0
strinious 1 0 0
strveous 1 1 0
strumious 1 0 0
stumate 1 0 0
tranuis 1 0 0
treneous 0 1 0
trenious 0 1 0
trenuous 1 0 0
$sufficiently 92 177 190 108 23 10
safishently 2 0 0
safrishtonly 1 0 0
savantly 1 0 0
scifently 1 0 0
scifiantly 1 0 0
siffeicently 1 0 0
sofecitently 1 0 0
sucificently 0 1 0
sufacionaly 1 0 0
sufencently 1 0 0
suffantly 2 1 0
suffecently 1 0 0
suffecienly 1 0 0
suffecient 1 0 0
suffeciently 8 0 2
suffecienty 1 1 0
suffectinely 1 0 0
suffeicently 1 0 0
suffeicuntly 1 0 0
suffencely 1 0 0
suffency 1 0 0
suffently 1 1 0
suffertinal 1 0 0
suffescently 1 0 0
suffialy 1 0 0
sufficalny 1 0 0
sufficantely 1 1 0
sufficantly 2 0 0
sufficeintly 2 0 0
sufficency 1 0 0
sufficenlly 1 0 0
sufficentally 1 0 0
sufficently 17 9 2
sufficiantly 7 1 0
sufficiency 3 1 0
sufficienlly 1 0 0
sufficienily 0 1 0
sufficientally 0 0 1
sufficiuntly 0 1 1
sufficnnty 1 0 0
suffiecentlly 1 0 2
suffieciently 1 0 0
suffienc 1 0 0
suffiencentally 1 0 0
suffienctly 1 0 0
suffiency 1 0 0
suffiently 7 1 1
suffishly 1 0 0
suffissioncy 1 0 0
suffrintaly 0 1 0
suffucently 1 0 0
suficently 1 0 0
suficiantly 2 0 0
suficiently 4 3 0
suficiontly 1 0 0
sufiently 1 0 0
sufisenlty 1 0 0
sufishently 3 0 0
sufishiently 1 0 1
sufishunly 1 0 0
sufitiently 1 0 0
su_lfishently 2 0 0
susficently 1 0 0
syfishentally 1 0 0
$supplement 58 147 179 142 53 21
seypliment 1 0 0
sublament 0 1 0
such 0 1 0
suclement 2 0 0
sumplement 0 1 0
superment 1 0 0
supilement 0 1 0
suplament 5 0 0
suplemen 1 0 0
suplement 49 23 10
supliate 1 0 0
suplimante 1 0 0
supliment 45 9 2
suplimente 1 0 0
suplimite 1 0 0
suppelement 0 1 0
supplament 4 0 0
supplemt 1 0 0
supplent 1 0 0
suppliment 16 14 9
supplinen 0 1 0
supplment 1 0 0
supplument 1 0 0
supplyment 5 0 0
suppremat 0 1 0
supulment 1 0 0
suspulment 1 0 0
$suspicion 101 171 188 99 29 12
sucipition 1 0 0
sucpescision 0 1 0
sucption 1 0 0
sucspecon 1 0 0
supesion 1 0 0
supession 0 1 0
supestion 1 0 0
supicion 1 0 0
supicsion 1 0 0
supiosion 1 0 0
supision 2 0 0
supission 1 0 0
supition 1 0 0
supiucan 1 0 0
suppemtant 1 0 0
suppession 1 0 0
suppicion 0 0 1
supsicion 1 0 0
supusion 1 0 0
suscispition 1 0 0
susficient 1 0 0
susici 1 0 0
susipession 1 0 0
susipion 1 0 0
susiption 1 0 0
susyption 1 0 0
suspecian 1 0 0
suspecien 0 1 0
suspecion 8 4 2
suspesion 3 1 0
suspesious 1 0 0
suspetion 2 0 0
suspic 1 0 0
suspican 1 0 0
suspician 5 4 1
suspicioned 1 0 1 *
suspicious 3 1 0
suspicison 2 0 0
suspicition 1 0 1
suspicoun 1 0 0
suspicsion 2 1 0
suspiction 3 0 0
suspion 1 0 0
suspiscion 1 0 3
suspishion 1 0 0
suspision 12 8 2
suspisition 1 0 0
suspission 2 1 0
suspistion 1 0 0
suspition 13 2 2
suspusion 1 0 0
susspicion 1 0 0
susyption 1 0 0
$sympathetic 85 150 193 115 50 7
cimtictaty 1 0 0
cympathetic 1 0 0
scinfacious 1 0 0
semithetic 1 0 0
sempathetic 1 0 0
sempathitice 1 0 0
sempetic 1 0 0
semphistic 1 0 0
simasethe 1 0 0
simithetic 1 0 0
simpatacit 1 0 0
simpathectic 1 0 0
simpathegic 0 1 0
simpathetic 4 1 0
simpathic 1 0 0
simpathidect 1 0 0
simpercity 1 0 0
simpethic 0 1 0
simpicet 1 0 0
simpithatic 1 0 0
simpithetic 3 0 0
simpotry 1 0 0
sinpithetic 1 0 0
smpasatic 1 0 0
smpathic 1 0 0
smpthatic 1 0 0
spathety 1 0 0
symaphatic 0 1 0
symapithet 1 0 0
symapothic 0 2 0
symathaic 1 0 0
symaphetic 1 0 0
symathectic 1 0 0
symathetic 0 1 0
symathetice 1 0 0
symathic 1 2 0
synepethic 1 0 0
synethic 0 1 0
symiphatic 0 1 0
symitishes 1 0 0
symophatic 1 0 0
sympafacted 1 0 0
sympathethic 0 0 1
sympathatic 5 2 0
sympathectics 1 0 0
sympatheic 1 0 0
sympathic 16 17 3
sympathicits 0 1 0
sympathitic 2 0 0
sympathtic 0 1 0
sympathy 0 0 1
sympatic 4 1 0
sympatics 0 1 0
sympethatic 0 1 0
sympethetic 3 4 0
sympethic 0 2 0
symphathic 1 0 0
symphathetic 2 0 0
symphatic 2 1 0
symphethetic 2 0 0
symphetic 8 5 1
symphtatic 1 0 0
symphtic 1 0 0
symphytic 1 0 0
sympiance 1 0 0
sympothics 1 0 0
sympothlect 1 0 0
sympothly 1 0 0
sympthatic 1 0 0
sympthetic 0 0 1
sympthitic 0 1 0
symthetic 1 0 0
symthic 1 0 0
symthy 1 0 0
sypathetic 1 1 0
sypathic 1 0 0
sypathtic 1 0 0
syphmathetics 1 0 0
syptatheic 1 0 0
sypthmetic 1 0 0
systematic 4 0 0
systematice 1 0 0
systimetic 1 0 0
thempathtic 1 0 0
thimpethetic 1 0 0
$technical 58 134 184 142 66 16
atecnicle 1 0 0
attecnical 1 0 0
nechniqual 0 1 0
rablenackle 1 0 0
tacal 1 0 0
tackneccal 1 0 0
tacknical 1 0 0
tacnical 1 0 0
tactnickle 1 0 0
tacnicle 1 0 0
tacnitical 0 1 0
tactnicle 1 0 0
taknickel 1 0 0
taqneical 1 0 0
techanical 2 1 0
techenal 0 1 0
techenical 1 4 0
techical 1 1 2
techicnal 0 1 0
techinacal 1 0 0
techinal 0 1 2
techincal 2 6 0
techinel 0 1 0
techinial 0 1 0
techinical 0 8 2
techinicial 1 0 0
technecal 0 1 0
technechial 1 0 0
technecil 0 1 0
technicale 1 0 0
techneical 0 1 0
technial 0 0 1
technichal 1 0 1
technicial 0 1 1
technickal 1 0 0
technickle 2 0 0
technicle 0 3 0
technicol 0 1 0
technincal 0 1 0
teckniqual 0 1 0
techniqucol 0 1 0
techniquely 0 0 1
tecical 1 0 0
tecimical 1 0 0
tecinal 1 0 0
tecineckle 1 0 0
tecinical 0 1 0
tecionel 1 0 0
teckinicital 0 1 0
tecknacal 1 0 0
tecknal 1 1 0
tecknectieal 1 0 0
tecknical 10 3 3
tecknichel 0 1 0
tecknickel 3 0 0
tecknickkel 1 0 0
tecknickle 2 0 0
tecknicle 0 2 0
tecknile 1 0 0
teckticle 1 0 0
tecmacke 1 0 0
tecmical 1 0 0
tecnacle 1 0 0
tecnecale 1 0 0
tecnecial 0 0 1
tecnecle 1 0 0
tecnical 25 5 1
tecnicale 3 0 0
tecnicalle 1 0 0
tecnichal 0 1 0
tecnichel 0 1 0
tecnickel 1 0 0
tecnickle 3 0 0
tecnicle 4 1 0
tecnicol 1 0 0
tecnicte 1 0 0
tecnique 0 1 0
tecticals 1 0 0
tectinal 1 0 0
tectincall 1 0 0
tectional 1 0 0
tectnacle 1 0 0
tectnical 7 4 0
tectnickle 2 0 0
tectonal 1 0 0
teknical 1 0 0
teknicial 1 0 0
tempnical 1 0 0
tencial 1 0 0
tenical 1 0 0
tenichal 0 0 1
tenitex 0 1 0
tentinal 0 1 0
texates 1 0 0
texinal 1 0 0
texnical 3 1 0
texniccal 1 0 0
textical 1 0 0
textle 1 0 0
textnal 1 0 0
textnical 1 0 0
tecinacal 1 0 0
ticinickle 1 0 0
ticknickle 2 0 0
ticncal 1 0 0
ticnecal 1 0 0
ticnicial 0 1 0
trancale 1 0 0
$temporarily 70 133 165 130 67 35
demporaly 1 0 0
denficaly 1 0 0
temarally 1 0 0
temaraly 1 0 0
temararlly 1 0 0
temeperly 1 0 0
temeraley 1 0 0
temiparly 1 0 0
temoaraly 1 0 0
temoparaly 0 1 0
temoraly 1 0 0
temorarally 1 0 0
temorarily 1 0 0
temparaly 1 0 0
tempararily 1 0 0
tempariarly 0 1 0
temparly 1 0 0
temperairly 0 1 0
temperalily 1 0 0
temperally 2 1 2
temperaly 3 1 0
temperaraly 2 0 0
temperarily 5 3 2
temperanly 1 0 0
temperarly 1 1 0
temperatory 1 0 0
temperially 0 0 1
temperorarily 0 1 0
temperrarially 0 1 0
temperreally 1 0 0
temporailly 3 1 0
temporaily 4 2 3
temporairely 2 0 0
temporairily 1 1 0
temporairly 3 0 0
temporalary 1 0 0
temporalily 1 0 1
temporally 9 11 5
temporalry 1 0 0
temporaly 7 1 0
temporarally 7 5 2
temporarelly 1 0 0
temporarely 3 1 0
temporarially 1 1 2
temporarialy 0 0 1
temporarilly 6 5 6
temporarlly 0 1 0
temporarly 12 13 0
temporarolly 1 0 0
temporaroly 6 1 1
temporarrly 1 0 0
temporary 6 4 0
temporaryly 2 0 0
temporately 1 0 0
temporayally 0 1 0
temporayly 1 0 0
tempore 1 0 0
temporeraly 1 0 0
temporially 2 1 3
temporialy 1 0 3
temporiarly 0 1 1
temporily 1 1 1
tempororialy 1 0 0
tempororily 2 0 0
temporrally 0 1 0
temprorally 1 0 0
temptorary 0 1 0
tenarary 1 0 0
tenpiorly 1 0 0
tenporalely 0 1 0
tenpuartly 1 0 0
$temporary 122 151 180 78 49 20
temaparay 1 0 0
temerary 1 1 0
temopary 1 0 0
temorary 1 2 0
temparary 1 4 1
temparey 0 1 0
temparory 1 0 1
tempenary 0 1 0
temperair 1 0 0
temperairly 1 0 0
temperance 1 0 0
temperaory 0 1 0
temperarey 1 0 0
temperarly 1 0 0
temperary 38 26 13
temperay 1 0 0
temperatory 0 1 0
temperiory 1 0 0
temperory 0 2 1
tempery 5 0 0
tempoary 2 1 0
temperoary 1 0 0
temporaily 0 1 0
temporally 0 0 1
temporarilly 0 1 0
temporarily 0 0 1
temporay 0 2 0
temporery 2 0 0
temporily 0 1 0
temporly 1 0 0
tempory 9 1 2
temprary 1 0 0
temprory 1 0 0
tenperary 1 0 0
tenperay 0 1 0
tenporary 1 0 0
$thorough 113 161 186 77 39 14
furrow 0 1 0
terrol 1 0 0
thoreaugh 0 1 0
therior 1 0 0
thero 3 0 0
therol 1 0 0
therow 2 0 0
thoro 0 1 1
thoroughal 0 1 0
thoroughl 0 1 0
thoroughly 0 1 14 *
thorow 1 0 0
thorugh 0 1 1
though 5 0 0
thoughtu 1 0 0
thoura 1 0 0
thourah 1 0 0
thoural 3 1 1
thourgh 4 3 1
thourghl 0 1 0
thourghly 0 1 0
thourgho 2 0 0
thourl 2 1 0
thourogh 2 0 0
thourough 9 1 5
thourrow 0 1 0
threough 1 0 0
thrlow 1 0 0
thro 1 0 0
throroth 1 0 0
throrough 0 0 1
throuel 1 0 0
through 1 0 0
through 12 21 3
throughal 2 0 0
throughl 1 1 1
throughor 1 0 0
throught 3 0 0
throur 1 0 0
throurgh 1 1 0
throw 2 0 0
throwal 1 0 0
thrugho 1 0 0
thural 1 0 0
thurol 1 0 0
thurough 2 0 0
thurow 1 0 0
$thoroughly 100 168 175 100 32 25
therally 2 0 1
theroly 1 0 0
theroughly 0 0 2
thorally 1 1 0
thorly 1 0 0
thoroghly 1 3 1
thoroly 1 0 0
thoroughally 0 0 1
thoroughily 1 0 0
thorouly 3 0 0
thorughly 1 1 0
thorught 1 0 0
thougherly 0 0 1
thoughly 2 1 2
thoughtly 1 0 0
thoughty 1 0 0
thourally 0 2 0
thouraly 1 0 0
thourghally 0 1 0
thourghly 16 4 2
thourily 1 0 0
thourlly 1 0 0
thourly 3 1 0
thouroghly 4 0 0
thouroly 2 0 0
thourough 1 0 0
thouroughly 10 4 9
throroughly 1 0 0
throughely 1 0 0
throughly 27 14 4
throughtly 2 0 0
throughway 0 0 1
throughy 1 0 0
througly 1 0 0
throuly 2 0 0
thuroughly 1 0 1
thurouly 1 0 0
torrially 1 0 0
vacancy 1 0 0
$to-day's 34 30 45 166 170 155
todaies 1 0 0
todays 45 25 9
today's 91 132 145
todays' 2 0 1
to_days 0 5 0
to-days 25 8 0
two_days 2 0 0
$tonnage 48 123 156 152 77 44
coneage 1 0 0
countages 1 0 0
cunage 1 0 0
cuniage 1 0 0
cunnage 1 0 0
cunnidge 1 0 0
punish 0 1 0
talmuge 0 0 1
tinage 1 0 0
tomage 4 0 0
tonag 0 1 0
tonage 103 68 40
toneage 1 0 0
tonege 1 0 0
toneus 1 0 0
tonige 1 0 0
tonnauge 0 0 1
tounage 2 0 0
tumage 1 0 0
tunach 1 0 0
tunage 11 2 1
tunegg 0 1 0
tuneouge 1 0 0
tunish 1 0 0
tunnadge 1 0 0
tunnage 14 4 1
$tournament 81 154 192 119 46 8
atournament 0 1 0
hermit 0 0 1
teramant 0 1 0
termament 0 1 0
termanent 1 0 0
termenent 1 0 0
termenont 1 0 0
terminent 1 0 0
ternament 10 6 0
ternement 1 0 0
ternimate 0 1 0
terniment 4 0 0
tormenment 0 1 0
tormentement 1 0 0
tornament 2 0 0
tornamently 1 0 0
tornement 4 0 0
torniment 1 0 0
tornment 3 0 0
torrment 1 0 0
tounement 1 0 1
tourniment 1 0 0
tourament 5 3 0
touranment 1 0 0
tourement 2 0 0
touremount 1 0 0
tourimant 1 0 0
touriment 2 0 0
tourmad 1 0 0
tourmament 2 0 0
tourment 1 2 0
tourmment 1 0 0
tournamant 1 0 0
tournanent 1 0 0
tournate 1 0 0
tournement 11 12 3
tourneyment 0 2 0
tourniment 5 1 1
tournmant 0 1 0
tournmeant 1 0 0
tournment 4 9 1
tournnament 0 1 0
trounment 1 0 0
tuarninent 1 0 0
tunement 1 0 0
turament 1 0 0
turement 1 0 0
turimant 1 0 0
turmanent 1 0 0
turment 1 1 0
turminate 1 0 0
turminent 1 0 0
turmonent 1 0 0
turnament 14 1 0
turnement 6 1 1
turnent 1 0 0
turnimant 1 0 0
turniment 2 0 0
turnmant 1 0 0
turnment 5 0 0
turnoments 1 0 0
$tragedy 66 148 174 134 52 26
tradady 1 0 0
tradagcy 1 0 0
tradedy 1 0 0
tradedys 1 0 0
tradegdy 1 0 0
tradegy 10 15 6
tradety 1 0 0
tradgady 1 2 0
tradgedy 22 13 10
tradgety 4 1 0
tradgey 3 1 3
tradgidy 2 0 0
tradgiety 1 0 0
tradgity 4 0 0
tradgu 1 0 0
tradgy 1 2 2
tradialy 1 0 0
tradicle 1 0 0
tradidy 1 0 0
tradigdy 0 1 0
tradige 2 0 0
tradigy 2 1 1
tradity 4 0 0
tradjedy 0 1 0
tradjetive 1 0 0
tradjudy 1 0 0
traduay 1 0 0
tragadies 1 0 0
tragady 4 1 0
tragaty 1 0 0
tragdedy 1 0 0
tragdy 3 1 1
tragedidy 1 0 0
tragedies 3 2 0
tragedity 0 1 0
tragedty 1 0 0
tragerdy 1 0 0
tragety 7 3 0
tragidity 1 0 0
tragidy 16 3 0
tragity 7 0 0
tragually 1 0 0
traity 1 0 0
trajedy 0 0 3
transidy 1 0 0
trasade 1 0 0
trdgedy 1 0 0
tredige 1 0 0
tredigity 1 0 0
tredigy 1 0 0
trodgety 0 1 0
trodgity 1 0 0
trodigy 1 0 0
trogeyey 0 1 0
tryadry 1 0 0
$transferred 81 138 165 119 62 35
dransfered 1 0 0
tranceferred 1 0 0
tranfer 2 0 0
tranfered 3 0 3
tranferred 2 0 0
transefered 1 1 0
transeferred 1 0 0
transfared 1 0 0
transfeared 1 0 0
transfer 2 6 6
transferd 6 0 0
transfered 89 53 24
transferr 0 0 1
transfierd 1 0 0
transford 1 0 0
transfuned 1 0 0
transfur 1 0 0
transfured 1 1 1
transifered 0 1 0
trasfered 1 0 0
transsfherd 1 0 0
transufere 1 0 0
trantefered 1 0 0
$triumph 129 162 193 71 38 7
trumph 0 1 0
tinaup 1 0 0
tirumph 0 1 0
trail 1 0 0
trampht 1 0 0
triam 1 0 0
triamph 3 0 2
triampht 1 0 0
triaumph 1 0 0
trianph 1 0 0
trijant 1 0 0
trile 1 0 0
trimph 3 2 0
trimunph 1 0 0
trimuph 2 2 1
tripamph 0 1 0
triufen 1 0 0
triump 2 3 0
triumphant 3 2 2 *
triumphed 0 0 3 *
triumphet 2 0 0
triumpt 2 0 0
triumpth 1 2 0
triumpth 0 1 0
triunysh 1 0 0
triuphy 1 0 0
truimped 0 1 0
truimph 2 8 1
trumiphum 1 0 0
trumph 1 1 0
tryamp 1 0 0
tryamph 1 0 0
tryampth 1 0 0
tryamth 1 0 0
tryanph 2 0 0
tryant 1 0 0
tryenth 1 0 0
tryimp 1 0 0
trymp 0 1 0
trymph 1 3 2
trymphant 1 0 0
trympth 0 1 0
trymth 1 0 0
trymunpth 1 0 0
trymuph 0 1 0
trymupt 0 1 0
trynmpt 1 0 0
tryumph 13 4 1
tryumpht 0 1 0
tryumphump 1 0 0
tryumpth 1 0 0
tryunfunt 1 0 0
tryunkh 1 0 0
tryunph 2 1 0
tryunphy 1 0 0
tryunnt 1 0 0
tyranpth 1 0 0
tyromph 0 1 0
tyront 1 0 0
$unanimous 49 118 154 151 82 46
amius 1 0 0
annymus 1 0 0
anonymous 1 0 0
enaumous 1 0 0
eunaminus 1 0 0
eumamious 1 0 0
eunamous 1 0 0
inamimus 0 1 0
munaniuous 1 0 0
sallanous 1 0 0
unaiminous 1 0 0
umamilus 1 0 0
umamous 1 0 0
umanaress 1 0 0
umanmuse 1 0 0
umionus 1 0 0
unacious 1 0 0
unaimous 0 0 1
unaimulas 1 0 0
unamaious 1 0 0
unamaless 1 0 0
unamamous 0 1 0
unamamouse 1 0 0
unamanious 0 1 0
Unamanius 1 0 0
unamanous 0 1 0
unamanus 3 0 0
unamatous 0 1 0
unamenous 1 0 0
unamies 1 0 0
unaminonus 1 0 0
unaminous 0 9 2
unamimus 7 0 0
unaminous 10 13 8
unaminuous 0 1 0
unaminus 1 0 0
unamious 8 13 6
Unamious 1 0 0
unammious 1 0 0
unammius 1 0 0
unamnious 0 1 0
unamomus 2 0 0
unamonus 1 0 0
unamos 1 0 0
unamous 5 9 3
unamus 5 1 0
unamuse 1 0 0
unamusts 1 0 0
unanabus 1 0 0
unanamious 0 0 2
unanamous 3 7 3
unanamus 1 0 0
unanamuse 1 0 0
unananois 1 0 0
unananucs 1 0 0
unananus 0 1 0
unanasmons 1 0 0
unanemous 0 0 1
unaniae 1 0 0
unanimise 1 0 0
unanimos 0 0 1
unanimoses 1 0 0
unanimus 6 4 2
unanimuss 2 0 0
unaninous 0 2 0
unaninus 0 1 0
unanious 0 1 0
unanis 1 0 0
unanmous 0 1 1
unannamous 1 0 0
unannanus 0 0 1
unannimous 2 0 0
unanomous 3 1 1
unanonus 1 0 0
unanouis 0 1 0
unanously 0 0 1
unanumas 1 0 0
unanumous 1 0 0
unanus 1 0 0
unariowas 1 0 0
unatimas 1 0 0
unenamous 0 1 0
uniamimus 1 0 0
uniamoes 1 0 0
uniamones 1 0 0
unimas 1 0 0
uniminus 0 1 0
unimous 2 1 0
uninamous 0 0 1
uniom 0 1 0
uniomus 0 1 0
unionous 1 0 0
unitomious 0 1 0
unminus 1 0 0
unmnus 1 0 0
unnadimus 1 0 0
unnambus 1 0 0
unnames 1 0 0
unnamious 0 0 1
unnamos 1 0 0
unnamous 0 0 2
unnanamous 4 0 0
unnanimous 2 1 1
unnanomous 1 0 0
unnanumus 0 1 0
unninote 1 0 0
unnous 1 0 0
unomanious 1 0 0
unomise 1 0 0
unomust 0 1 0
unoniums 0 1 0
unonomious 0 1 0
unsannamous 1 0 0
unumanious 1 0 0
ununmious 2 0 0
ununumus 2 0 0
youmanles 1 0 0
younamenous 1 0 0
younamess 1 0 0
$undoubtedly 90 146 166 110 54 34
adoubtadly 1 0 0
indoubladly 1 0 0
ondoutally 1 0 0
ontable 1 0 0
ontotadly 1 0 0
udoubtly 1 0 0
undaughtly 0 1 0
undobtabily 1 0 0
undobtedly 2 0 0
undolley 1 0 0
undotaley 1 0 0
undotally 1 0 0
undotaly 2 0 0
undotedaly 1 0 0
undottedly 2 0 0
undoubaly 1 0 0
undoubatly 1 0 0
undoublably 1 0 0
undoubledly 1 0 0
undoubly 1 0 0
undoubledy 1 0 0
undoubt 1 0 0
undoubtable 0 1 0
undoubtablly 0 1 0
undoubtably 5 3 6
undoubtadley 0 0 1
undoubtadly 1 2 0
undoubtaially 1 0 0
undoubtal 0 1 0
undoubtalady 1 0 0
undoubtally 2 2 3
undoubtaly 1 1 1
undoubtatly 0 1 0
undoubtavely 1 0 0
undoubtealy 1 0 0
undoubted 2 0 0
undoubtel 0 1 0
undoubtely 7 3 2
undoubtetly 1 0 0
undoubthly 0 1 0
undoubtiably 0 0 1
undoubtidly 1 0 0
undoubtily 1 0 1
undoubtley 1 0 1
undoubtlly 1 0 0
undoubtly 27 26 17
undoubtoadly 1 0 0
undoubttedly 0 1 0
undoubttily 1 0 0
undoubty 0 1 0
undoughtably 0 3 0
undoughtedly 2 0 0
undoughtly 2 1 1
undouplably 1 0 0
undouptaly 1 0 0
undoutably 1 0 0
undoutadly 1 0 0
undoutaly 4 0 0
undoutbablly 1 0 0
undoutedly 3 2 0
undoutetly 1 0 0
undoutively 1 0 0
undoutly 4 1 0
undovt 1 0 0
unduitable 1 0 0
$unfortunate 167 186 196 33 14 4
anfortunate 1 0 0
enfortunate 1 0 0
infortant 1 0 0
infortiune 0 1 0
uafotunat 1 0 0
umforturant 0 1 0
unforetunate 1 0 0
unformenant 0 1 0
unfornate 2 1 0
unfortanate 1 0 0
unfortenat 1 0 0
unfortent 0 1 0
unfortiant 1 0 0
unfortinate 2 1 1
unfortionate 2 0 0
unfortnate 0 1 0
unfortuanate 0 1 0
unfortuant 1 0 0
unfortuate 0 2 0
unfortument 1 0 0
unfortunante 0 0 1
unfortunat 1 0 0
unfortunated 0 0 1
unfortune 0 1 0
unfortuneate 5 0 0
unfortunet 5 0 0
unfortunitate 0 1 0
unfortunte 1 0 0
unfortuonate 1 0 0
unforunate 1 1 1
unfotunae 1 0 0
unfournate 1 0 0
unfurtunate 0 1 0
unportantion 1 0 0
$unfortunately 119 158 188 81 42 12
onforthantly 1 0 0
onfortinly 1 0 0
onfortionlly 1 0 0
onfortogoinil 1 0 0
onfortumatly 1 0 0
unforludally 1 0 0
unfornaaley 1 0 0
unfornally 1 0 0
unfornatly 1 0 0
unfortally 1 0 0
unfortanately 0 0 1
unfortanetly 1 0 0
unfortantily 1 3 0
unfortantly 0 0 1
unfortinately 1 0 0
unfortinatly 2 0 0
unfortintilly 1 0 0
unfortionately 1 5 1
unfortionatly 1 2 0
unfortnally 1 0 0
unfortnatly 1 0 0
unfortnitely 1 0 0
unfortually 1 0 0
unfortuantally 0 1 0
unfortuatly 1 0 0
unfortunaly 1 0 0
unfortunantly 2 0 0
unfortunate 1 1 1
Unfortunately 0 0 2
unfortunatly 33 18 4
unfortuneately 1 3 1
unfortuneatly 1 0 0
unfortuneilly 1 0 0
unfortunely 1 3 0
unfortunently 1 0 0
unfortunetally 1 0 0
unfortunetly 0 2 1
unfortunily 1 0 0
unfortunitly 1 0 0
unfortunly 1 0 0
unfortuntly 1 0 0
unfortunutly 3 0 0
unfortuonly 1 0 0
unforumatly 1 0 0
unforunially 1 0 0
unforunitly 4 2 0
unfourtenly 1 0 0
unfurtunally 0 1 0
$unusually 140 137 179 60 63 21
onusewally 1 0 0
onusually 1 0 0
Six 1 0 0
unnusually 1 1 2
unreualy 1 0 0
unsual 0 1 0
unsually 1 2 1
unsully 1 0 0
unually 4 1 0
unuasallily 1 0 0
unuasally 1 0 0
unuasley 1 0 0
unuaslly 1 0 0
unuasually 1 0 0
unuasualy 1 0 0
unuasully 1 0 0
unuasuly 1 0 0
unuaualy 1 0 0
unusally 20 12 0
unusaly 2 0 0
unusaully 1 0 1
unuserally 1 0 0
unusly 1 1 0
unussaly 1 0 0
unusual 3 15 0
unusualy 5 3 0
unyo 1 0 0
usally 1 1 0
useualy 1 0 0
usually 3 25 10
usualy 0 0 4
$vacancies 97 179 189 103 21 11
faconcey 1 0 0
focam 1 0 0
reckness 1 0 0
vacaciencies 0 0 1
vacaines 0 1 0
vacakencies 1 0 0
vacancease 1 0 0
vacances 2 1 0
vacancieces 1 0 0
vacancis 3 0 0
vacancises 1 0 0
vacancsy 1 0 0
vacancy 8 0 3
vacancy's 1 0 0
vacancys 4 1 0
vacanies 1 0 1
vacanous 1 0 0
vacanses 2 0 0
vacansess 1 0 0
vacanseys 1 0 0
vacansies 9 1 0
vacansises 1 0 0
vacantance 0 1 0
vacantce 1 0 0
vacantces 2 0 0
vacantcies 5 2 1
vacantcisses 1 0 0
vacantcy 1 0 0
vacantcys 1 0 0
vacanteses 1 0 0
vacantesies 1 0 0
vacanties 2 0 0
vacantinees 1 0 0
vacantises 0 1 0
vacantseys 1 0 0
vacantsies 1 0 0
vacantue's 1 0 0
vacantuncies 1 0 0
vaccancies 1 0 1
vaccounces 0 0 1
vacencies 1 6 2
vacency 1 0 0
vacentces 1 0 0
vacentcy 1 0 0
vaciancies 1 0 0
vaciancys 1 0 0
vaciencies 3 2 0
vaciencys 3 0 0
vacienties 0 1 0
vacincies- 1 0 0
vacincy 1 0 0
vacincys 1 0 0
vacinices 1 0 0
vacinsas 1 0 0
vacintyes 1 0 0
vaciouney 1 0 0
vackancey 1 0 0
vaconcies 1 0 0
vaconconcys 1 0 0
vaconices 1 0 0
vacpmsy 1 0 0
vacontcies 1 0 0
vacunceys 0 1 0
vagancies 1 0 0
vainees 1 0 0
vancancies 2 1 0
vancencies 1 0 0
vancies 2 1 1
vancious 1 0 0
vancous 1 0 0
vancy 1 0 0
vanencies 1 0 0
vankencys 1 0 0
vencomies 1 0 0
$vacancy 125 164 187 75 36 13
facountcy 1 0 0
vaansy 1 0 0
vacance 2 0 0
vacances 1 1 0
vacancey 3 1 0
vacancie 4 1 0
vacancies 2 4 1
vacancity 3 0 0
vacanes 1 0 0
vacaney 1 0 0
vacanies 1 0 0
vacanse 1 0 0
vacansey 1 0 0
vacansie 1 0 0
vacansy 1 1 0
vacant 0 1 0
vacantcies 1 2 0
vacantcy 10 4 0
vacantency 0 1 0
vacantes 1 1 0
vacanticy 0 1 0
vacantise 1 0 0
vacantsey 2 0 0
vacantsy 1 0 0
vacany 3 3 0
vacanze 1 0 0
vacatcy 1 0 0
vacatence 1 0 0
vaccance 1 0 0
vaccancy 0 1 0
vacency 10 8 5
vacentisy 0 1 0
vacentscy 1 0 0
vaciency 2 1 0
vacincy 1 0 0
vackency 1 0 0
vaconcy 2 1 1
vacuncy 1 0 0
vacuntcy 1 0 0
vagrancy 0 1 0
vakensy 1 0 0
vancancey 1 0 0
vancancy 1 0 3
vancay 1 0 0
vancey 1 0 0
vanciety 1 0 0
vancy 0 1 1
vankies 1 0 0
vavancy 0 0 1
vaconcy 2 0 0
$violence 136 171 189 64 29 11
valience 1 1 0
vialance 2 0 0
vialounce 1 0 0
vialuse 1 0 0
vilalest 1 0 0
vilance 1 1 0
vilelence 1 0 0
vilence 2 0 0
vilents 2 0 0
vilets 1 0 0
viliance 2 0 0
viloant 2 0 0
viloence 2 1 0
vilounce 1 0 0
vine 1 0 0
violance 9 4 3
violent 1 0 1
violents 8 3 0
violets 10 17 5
violience 2 0 0
violin 1 0 0
violince 0 1 0
villi 1 0 0
villonents 1 0 0
violonce 0 0 2
voilance 3 0 0
voilence 2 1 0
volience 1 0 0
volince 1 0 0
$virtue 115 185 198 85 15 2
fertue 1 0 0
fertued 1 0 0
ferture 1 0 0
furtue 1 0 0
verchew 1 0 0
verchu 1 0 0
verchude 1 0 0
verchue 1 0 0
vergue 1 0 0
verters 1 0 0
verterue 1 0 0
vertie 1 0 0
vertieu 2 0 0
verto 1 0 0
vertu 1 0 0
vertue 40 8 1
verture 7 0 0
vertive 0 1 0
verue 0 1 0
victure 1 0 0
viricheu 2 0 0
virchu 1 0 0
virteau 1 0 0
virtiou 1 0 0
virtou 1 0 0
virtrue 1 0 0
virtu 1 0 0
virtuals 0 1 0
virtues 1 0 0 *
virtuge 1 0 0
virture 8 3 0
virercut 1 0 0
vurtue 1 0 0
vurtued 1 0 0
$virtues 108 183 194 92 17 6
firtues 1 0 0
varuse 1 0 0
verchews 1 0 0
verchoose 1 0 0
verchues 1 0 0
verchuse 1 0 0
verchuses 1 0 0
vercuded 1 0 0
vergues 1 0 0
verguse 1 0 0
verjuous 1 0 0
vertchuse 1 0 0
verteous 1 0 0
vertious 0 1 0
vertrue 1 0 0
vertuals 1 0 0
vertucherys 1 0 0
vertue 6 0 0
vertues 32 6 1
vertue's 2 0 0
vertuies 1 0 0
vertures 2 1 0
verturs 1 0 0
vertuse 3 0 0
vertutres 1 0 0
veruse 1 0 0
verusete 1 0 0
vetucus 1 0 0
vetutuse 1 0 0
viotuls 1 0 0
virgues 1 0 0
virteous 1 1 0
virtue 1 1 5
virtueous 0 1 0
Virtues 1 0 0
virtue's 2 0 0
virtuies 1 0 0
virtuious 1 0 0
virtures 0 1 0
virturius 1 0 0
virturs 1 1 0
virtus 1 1 0
virtuse 1 0 0
vurtutes 1 0 0
viruch 1 0 0
vitures 1 0 0
vurage 0 1 0
vurlus 1 0 0
vurtues 4 0 0
vurtuges 0 1 0
$visible 113 141 177 87 59 23
vesiable 1 0 0
vesible 0 1 0
vessiable 1 0 0
visuble 0 1 0
visable 65 43 17
visiable 11 12 5
visibabe 1 0 0
visibal 2 0 0
visibale 1 0 0
visior 0 1 0
visitable 0 0 1
vissable 1 0 0
vissible 0 1 0
visuable 2 0 0
phisical 1 0 0
usuable 1 0 0
$voucher 80 169 180 120 31 20
bockers 1 0 0
boucher 1 1 0
bunchur 1 0 0
fauture 1 0 0
filture 1 0 0
foucher 0 2 0
foulture 1 0 0
overur 1 0 0
valchar 0 1 0
valchor 0 0 1
Valchure 0 1 0
valture 4 1 0
vaucher 0 1 2
viotuter 1 0 0
voacher 0 1 0
vocher 3 4 0
vouchered 0 1 0
vochure 1 0 0
vocur 1 0 0
vogure 1 0 0
volchor 1 0 0
vochur 1 1 0
volcher 1 0 0
volchure 1 0 0
volfure 1 0 0
volture 2 0 0
voluture 1 0 0
vorue 1 0 0
vosher 1 0 0
votcher 1 1 0
votfure 1 0 0
votour 1 0 0
votur 1 0 0
voture 11 2 0
voucer 3 1 0
vouchar 1 0 1
vouchers 1 0 0 *
vouch-her 1 0 0
vouchor 2 0 0
vouchure 1 0 0
voucur 1 0 0
voueture 1 0 0
vouger 1 0 0
voughte 0 1 0
voughture 1 0 0
vougure 1 0 0
voultures 2 0 0
vouncher 1 0 0
vouscher 0 0 1
voutcher 2 0 1
voutchers 1 0 0
vouter 1 0 0
voutere 1 0 0
voutiers 1 0 0
vouthur 1 0 0
voutuer 0 1 0
vouture 28 3 4
vowchure 1 0 0
vowture 4 0 0
vuleure 1 0 0
vultier 1 0 0
vulture 12 4 9
vultures 1 0 0
$vulgar 110 187 194 90 13 6
bloger 1 0 0
boulder 1 0 0
bowlder 1 0 0
bulgar 1 0 0
falgar 1 0 0
fulgur 1 0 0
juglar 1 0 0
rologer 1 0 0
valgar 1 0 0
valger 1 0 0
valgor 2 0 0
valguar 1 0 0
valgue 1 0 0
valguor 1 0 0
valgur 2 0 0
valgure 1 0 0
valvar 1 0 0
vaulgar 2 0 0
vaulger 2 0 0
vaulgur 1 0 0
velgary 1 0 0
vogular 0 1 0
volager 1 0 0
volga 1 0 0
volgar 10 0 1
volger 10 0 0
volgor 1 0 0
Volgor 0 1 0
volgur 3 0 1
vollgar 1 0 0
volugar 1 0 0
volugard 0 1 0
volugar 0 0 1
voulager 0 2 0
voulgar 1 0 0
voulger 4 0 0
vulerunable 1 0 0
vulga 1 0 0
vulgare 1 0 0
vulger 12 4 1
vulgor 5 1 0
vulguar 1 1 0
vulgur 7 1 1
vulgure 1 0 0
vullgar 0 0 1
vunger 1 0 0
$week's 75 113 135 125 87 65
weaks 6 2 0
weak's 1 0 0
week 0 1 0
weeks 114 84 62
weeks' 3 0 2
weks 1 0 0
wig's 0 0 1

# $Word is what it should be, then below are possible errors ends here